these are pretty cool and we're live
hello Steve yeah that's the Kanye one
that's the most recent that's us guy
past a cell phone Tran he creates all
these hand paints each one yeah he
sculpts it and then he makes like a mold
and yeah and he's got a bunch of dope
ones it's all online and you kind of
book bro
I do call that noise blue the color of
noise yeah what's this about
it's my memoir it's um talks about the
beginnings goes through my process it
goes through a lot of differents things
I mean at the end of the day it's been
more so it's more about it's less about
what's happening now and more about like
how I got there you know the story and
different piecemeal stories that that
are thematic and you know with this
overarching idea of blue which is like
the different shades of blue of my life
it's my favorite color and actually my
last name is means blue tree really yeah
yeah so it's like there's a lot of
synergy with the color so when I was
coming up with the idea to name the book
you know I had to think of like you know
something that relates throughout my
whole life so there's so many different
shades emotions feelings that are
represented and all these different
stories do you have you always been a
writer I'm like yeah I guess like a
piecemeal writer you know I I needed
help finishing this book there's no
doubt about it I had so much it's like
you know cuz I still like you know of
the pen and paper still you know like I
grew up before before computers and all
that stuff I was when I was writing
lyrics for my bands I was always like a
notepad so I had just so many different
stories I didn't know how to put it all
together I started the inception of
writing you know these different stories
of my life
six years ago and then I shot a
documentary for Netflix and we dropped
it called it's called I'll sleep when
I'm dead we dropped it three years ago
four years ago
for 2015 to the sixteen I think and and
I after I saw the reception and how
people responded to the dock then I knew
that like you know this is really gonna
take shape this is gonna be front
centers finishing and and writing a
proper memoir so the the idea of writing
a memoir is only the idea of writing and
writing about yourself it's only to
write this memoir you sound like you you
write on a regular basis no no no I mean
you know like I am actually coming up
with some new ideas for the next you
know conception of what I would put out
there in book form because it's a
different process for me that's quite
exciting just so like the challenge to
do something like this because I'm my
natural way to express myself is through
music and and I love being able to step
outside my comfort zones
I think at the end of the day when you
do that enough you just you just get
better as a human being yes and try you
know if you always do the same thing
over and over again you're never really
learning so it's uh it's it's been like
a great learning process you know
putting out this memoir and and and in
like actually opening up there's a
vulnerable side to who I am that I don't
necessarily I don't talk about really
you know people that know me like my
fans or my music fans or anyone else
that knows Stevie okay they don't really
know what's in this book you know they
might have a glimpse of it for my
documentary which I did because I talked
really deeply about my relationship with
my father and and like this drive that I
have as a kid to make it and and it
shows you enough where it's okay now I
have a little bit more than my live
shows and what's already out there but
this goes you know obviously a lot
deeper because it's a book and we're
going through emotions and the
vulnerability and and and I want to tell
stories of the hardships and at the end
of the day I want to speak to young kids
out there you have young people out
there even older people that are trying
to figure that their own thing out and
and because the documentary related in
so many ways on the personal level that
I shared there this is how I wanted to
share that through my own words do you
find that writing these
things down and just thinking about your
life and and trying to express it in a
way that's gonna resonate with people
that this helps you think about it and
helps you sort of categorize it and put
it all in your head and cuz do you know
any Wang do you know what that is yeah
yeah chef yeah yeah yeah his friend of
mine great guy and writes every day and
I asked him why I'm like why are you
writing he's he's written books but he's
he writes to sort of collect his own
thoughts yes yeah hundred percent it's
like once you that's the trigger for me
because even when I read I write right
after like what I gained from it almost
like it's like my note my homework
yeah for retention on on what I gather
it took away from what I'm reading so
I'm always like reading and writing or
writing scribbling in my in my book or
or like writing off the side in a
notepad or like now like you know I look
at a tablet or something but it's like
you need to gather your your your
headspace so you have retention yeah you
write to understand right yeah and any
right to express it so that other people
can understand yeah and in that process
you kind understand yourself better
right and that's that's how sort of
Eddie described in when he said it to me
I was like god dammit I don't write
enough like that I write more comedy
stuff I'm trying to write material and
essays on things and pull jokes out of
them right but like I think there's
probably a great benefit for anybody to
just sort of write about your thoughts
yeah your diary you know you know I mean
there's something to that because in
that time I mean you could speak to this
cuz you've written a book on yourself
but in that time of writing about
yourself and reflecting upon your life
you probably learn a little bit about
who you are and why you're the way you
are yeah and you know thinking about
this I never really thought about it to
this point or have found the the
parallel here but when I started seeing
a therapist to go into my past and try
to break down what like why make the
decisions I do or like why I spiral out
here or do something that I'm not
comfortable with or I want to change a
lot of that I'm able like after these
sessions I go and start writing you know
and
a lot of that you know eventually makes
it in the book
do you write longhand or do you write on
keyboard I would do both now I do both
but like I have scribbles and stuff
everywhere you know but then I'm it like
at the end of the day for organizational
purposes it's just got to go and like
yeah how'd you put it in the computer
yeah you know but um yeah this is a very
this is my own therapy you know as you
could say it's like it is putting all
these stories and these memories and the
feelings and the emotions and the
hardships whatever might be you know
it's like I think the hardest part is
like picking the right ones you know the
other day when you've put all this stuff
together and you spend so much time on
this do you find that the process of
that and anyway enhances your music yes
it does because I mean when I think
about first of all I think about the
process of making music I think about it
very simple similar to what you're doing
when you're when you write for your
comedy skits and you're efficient you're
like okay this is gonna work as I'm
going to be able to share it this way
you're not just running your thoughts
down okay so like when I'm in the studio
I'm very efficient you know I'm like I'm
going and going I'm gonna make a club
banger just for the festival so the
crowds go crazy and it's less about the
emotional message you know what with
this being able to talk about that side
that's that adds that other layer that
that I'm seeing now more than ever in
the last like three or four years when I
started making songs with lyrics that
actually you know I've you know I've
seen the fans come out and drove saying
how much it's gotten them gotten them
through hard times because of lyrics
were able to speak to them a certain way
so it's and that's the essence of
collaboration at the end of the day you
know working with songwriters and
singers and and being able to be pulled
in that direction is incredible as an
artist you know instead of just having
like alright we're making this record to
make everyone go crazy even though
essentially electronic dance music is
all about the music you know it's not
about you know the touching layer
Erick's they might be like the
flavouring on top but the the foundation
is all about the beat you know but now
it's like about mixing both worlds as
much as possible you know at the end of
the day when you think about my shows
it's a very full-on experience like when
I when I put on a show I'm trying to
like I'm trying to come compound all the
senses you know I want to be
entertaining as hell I want it to be fun
engaging I want you to leave knowing
that you saw a Steve Aoki show so that's
why I try to do different unique things
like you know I cake people I don't know
if you know this pie cake people at my
shows take them you hit them in the head
cakes yeah I would say the head but yeah
but this is all consensual by the way so
Munoz story this so you know I think as
you are on the stage all the time you
want to make your skits do you want to
make you everything that you do unique
to Joe Rogan you know like you don't
want to be like oh yeah he's a copy of
this person no one wants to be that you
know so I'm thinking like what am I
going to do is going to be unique and
different engaging hey ho you know like
everyone's doing that everyone sit down
everyone jump so you know I'm like you
know your brains always thinking so I
got an idea after a song that I really
sell my label I have my own label and we
we released this artist where the video
was cakes exploding in people's faces
super slow motion high-def really
beautiful and then I was like you know
what I'm gonna go to a bakery I'm gonna
buy a cake scribble like the song on the
top of the cake and let's just see what
happens it'll be funny little thing you
know and I brought the kisses 2011 mind
you so this is seven years or however
long ago that was you know a long time
ago didn't do the math anyway so it was
a long time ago and I walked around the
front of stage and won that one of the
kids in the front one of the guys front
was like why is he walking around the
front like am I supposed to like grab it
and then he just starts pointing at his
face and then all his friends around him
are pointing at him and the whole place
was just staring and
and watching and wondering what the hell
is gonna happen so I caked him we filmed
it before this is pre Instagram put up
on YouTube it's like I gotta do a seven
show this is incredible
and then six months later people started
coming out with cake me signs
six years later okay here we go
so six years later like if I think I've
caked over 15,000 people now you know
you had it right in the mug too dude
perfect shot I'll tell you I mean you
know it's just practice makes perfect
you know you've thrown 15,000 cakes I
get together you get a feel for a look
at her she's dancing yeah wiping it out
let me see more time this is like that
was ultra oh my goodness we have a cake
rider we have very specific cakes that
are you know at our show you have it's
like a special aoki cake what is in it
the strange thing is there's like not as
much cake as you would think it's just
like frosting it's just so it just
explodes everywhere so it's less bread
yes just so like less carbs more sugar
well you diabetic just get out of the
front roll please
crazy thing for people to enjoy - yeah
caked in the face yeah it was having a
good fucking time yeah that's good
that's the most important thing at the
end of the day is like it shows cake me
with a bull's eye okay this is very
normal for me to see you know like some
cases there's like 50 50 people with
signs up no crazy look at that cake face
yeah I mean it's just of it's a
signature part of the show it's fun it's
exciting dude I need to go to one of
your shows because everybody that I know
that's been says it's a wild experience
it's not just music it's just there's
something like you're doing something
transformative
you know that people come out of there
they're just like wooo they're buzzin
yeah yeah I am
that's the goal you know and if I if I
feel like I'm doing that if I feel like
I'm really having this impact then I go
that not that's why I end up doing like
so many shows because I on average I'm
doing about 250
around the world every year that is so
crazy and I do this I've done this
consistently for over 12 years so it's
it's a it's not like an artist that just
drops an album and then they tour like
around the world for a year or two like
I'm on I'm on a worldwide tour you know
every every single year is that
sustainable how's your body holding up
yeah I work out a lot yeah you're really
in health and wellness and all that
stuff but that seems insane particularly
with all the travel it does I mean you
have to you have to like treat yourself
at like an athlete that's for sure
the way I think about my regimen is
different you know and I and I'm like
obsessed with trying out new ideas using
myself as a guinea pig to work with
different scientists sleep doctors you
know different people and if you are
testing new ideas to like deal with jet
lag or things that I am dealing with
there on the road that that can wear you
down and make it not sustainable
due to IVs like stem-cell no no like a
vitamin like my mom's right like that
not as no I don't but I you know like at
one point I was I wasn't down the same
road as rakers well doing 250 vitamins a
day but I was probably you know
experimenting with about 50 have you met
him
I have here's an interesting dude yes he
has quite a trip he behind his eyes
there's a lot going on yeah absolutely
and am I so like I have a whole album
series called neon future so I have neon
future one two and three that just came
out my out my albums in each album I
actually work with a scientist on a song
oh wow
so I'd Ray Kurzweil's on on one so he's
talking on a song about like life
expansion and life extension I'm big
singular not necessary singularity nut
but like I'm a big fan of the idea that
we can live indefinitely on both
enthusiasts of that world
I might not not definitely not an expert
but I'm an enthusiast for sure
yeah and I got JJ Abrams on to I got
I'll be degree on - OH
aging f5 mom's well yeah yeah and like I
interviewed him I went to I went to
Ray's rakers Wells apartment in in the
bay area was yeah yeah so I mean would I
know that we have lot of synergies on
the science and tech stuff and three at
Bill Nighy Wow
and four which is coming out next year
I'm having my favorite author on the
album that I've read so far so I'm very
excited of III you know I might as well
now I might as well announce it here if
I'm going to announce that anywhere okay
I haven't announced it yet but you've
all her re oh wow I love that guy yeah
sapiens is amazing yeah savings my
favorite book I'm on the second one
right now yeah I just finished homo
Davis and I mean he has a very like see
I think of the future very positively
it's a neon future yeah he doesn't think
so Rosie yeah but you know I like his I
like his uh his analysis and you know
the way he's trying to understand how
we've evolved or pushed out outwards you
know and I agree with a lot of what he's
saying well one of what he's saying is
irrefutable but what's interesting is
the way he sort of coalesce is it the
way it combines at all and you really
get a sense of wow this is what a person
is like this is how it all went down you
know he's a brilliant guy too
I've seen him interviewed really
fascinating character ya know yeah yeah
I'll be do graze it trippy dude too
because he drinks so much
I know I've hung out with him and like
pint after pint I'm like hey man aren't
you supposed to be the fucking wellness
longevity God yeah he's so in entrenched
in science that he thinks that the
solutions are going to come through the
laboratory right he he he doesn't seem
to exercise if he does I think he just
Rose a boat have you seen that like he
like Rose boats around the harbor
wherever he lives in England and he
drinks I think it's in his beard though
the booze the beard the beard is's his
like magical wizardry you know actually
that's against science but but uh yeah
he's a very interesting guy he jump in
in my house he jumped in my foam pit
watching my 50 year old man with the
beard down to his
blows nipples jump into a foam pit
section pretty cool that is cool a
scientist as well you know just like you
know it's cool you want to be silly
yeah yeah exactly you know like and I
have a you know out the Aoki foundation
which I'm wearing it's um obsessed with
the human brain so all of our our money
that we raise goes to brain research
organizations brain science orgs and but
also like orgs that deal with anti-aging
or anything that's interesting that
relates to you know living longer
healthier lives and one of which is
ascends work which is Aubrey's org
have you ever heard you know who David
Sinclair's remind me he's a Harvard
professor he's on the podcast next week
he's been on before but he is at the
front of the line of anti anti-aging
technology and the podcast I did with
him was incredible he's brilliant
brilliant guy dealing with things like
nmn and you know on nad and all these
different drip infusions and concoctions
and molecules that lengthen telomeres
enhance the you know the the the body's
ability to regenerate and age much
slower really interesting stuff oh that
I mean I love that stuff
yeah yeah so how did you get in this
because you're thinking about your own
mind or was just something you've always
been fascinated by I think it it started
when after my father passed away seeing
the death of your father
he died of cancer
but it started with hepatitis C from a
boat accident he had in like the late
70s the boat accident gave him happy
yeah blood transfusion
and then he I mean he was surviving with
Hep C for four decades changed his his
uh interferon and the things that were
keep him going before there's a vaccine
or cure this is all before then I'm not
sure if there is but I'm almost positive
there is but um I think the reason yeah
very expensive involved process but that
that die hurts you know what I mean it's
like if someone dies close to you and
then like something like that happens
you know so this is all happening right
and I see him dying I'm also like you
know I think I know about health I'm
vegetarian you know this down the other
I'm like sort of healthy but after I saw
him die I read books on cancer I started
reading like try to research like what
could I've done to help my father and I
still have people in my life to
absolutely love that I want to learn and
share like my mother like you know
anyone else that's like close to me
that's getting older and then it just I
just I just went on this like bender
like you know reading books on
anti-aging and then you know I'm really
big sci-fi nut so if anything I loved
living between the world of science
fiction and science fact and finding out
in that gray area what is going to be
science fact in our you know in our
though as long as I'm alive you know and
there's a lot of things happening
because I do agree with that that uh
that curve that we are not moving at a
linear rate you know we are moving I
don't know if it's exponential but it's
definitely between linear and
exponential with technology with what
we're learning in science and medicine
and as I'm learning more about this
stuff my music career is also raising my
platform as a personality is is also
getting raised so then now I get to go
and make a phone call to Ray and he'll
answer and I could get to meet him and
and then I won't have fun - mmm so I'm
like let's make a song let's do a video
let's do an interview so I created this
hole in the on future session so I can
meet you know Stanley
rest in peace like I got to meet him
hang out with him did an interview with
took some photos Emily Stanley Marvel
who's Stanley Marvel Stan Stan Lee the
the Marvel comes Stan Lee yeah I'm just
going across who's Stanley Marvel but
you know I'm like I just went across the
board of all the people outside of my
music space so I can talk to science
people science fiction people JJ Abrams
to like whoever might be even authors of
books I've read like Richard Dawkins I
flew to Oxford University and I sat with
him oh that's great and and I talked to
him and he is he was like I don't know
why I'm here with you but someone told
me I should be you know the same
response he's supposed to be coming on
next month yeah and talk to him yeah
it's like you talk to him after a stroke
no this was uh I remember him riding his
bike to to the interview which is kind
of cool seeing Richard Dawkins ride his
bike I felt like Albert Einstein was
coming at me or something
you know because he's kind of like that
kind of like like he has a lure with him
yeah he does but that was 2015/16 I
think so those sounds like around when
he had a stroke
okay me I mean I've actually wouldn't
find out when he had a stroke he's
recovered very well though apparently he
still has some residual issues oh wow so
this is definitely pre-study 2016 yeah
so this is pretty sure the the the the
crazy thing is I've did all these
interviews with all these different
people didn't didn't actually post them
up online
why we did two with Wired magazine we
did the one with Ray Curtis well in one
with Stanley and I had like the rest
lined up but we wanted to you know like
present them the right way and you know
yeah oh wow that's actually you're great
on the Internet Jamie's the best it's
cool is that in his office no we got
Oxford University gave us this room you
know and I took it over that's awesome
with him when you talk to Kurzweil did
you get into his idea of being able to
download consciousness no we didn't get
that far but I would love for you to
tell me more about that
a weird one because we went to this I
think it's called a 2045 conference in
New York City and the idea behind it is
that they think that somewhere around
2045 there's going to be some sort of
technological singularity with the
exponential growth or perceived
exponential growth whatever it is the
leaping the new innovation creating
these new possibilities that's somewhere
around 25 2014 to be so many changes in
so many new innovations that they
believe they're going to be able to put
your consciousness either into some sort
of a hard drive some sort of a quantum
computer or perhaps even a physical
embodiment of a steve aoki you have an
artificial steve aoki like a sleeve yeah
and then you're caught your actual brain
right inside this thing so as your body
dies now you will exist in this whatever
the fuck it's made out of right you know
and he thinks he's going to be able to
do that you know he's got a really
bizarre motivation to his father died
when he was young and he didn't really
get to know him that well and he has all
these images and all these two and he
thinks that he is going to be able to in
some way shape or form recreate his
father and have some sort of reasonable
facsimile some sort of yeah like a way
to communicate with this his dad well
yeah actually have his with all the
memories that he has of his father all
the the video and images and actually
recreate his father to have a
communication with it's very weird stuff
yeah well I mean I think a lot of these
those those storylines get drawn out in
in sci-fi yes because that's essentially
where we want like we want to go without
any issues and problems and and backfire
and and know like Black Mirror episode
you know kind of blender because I mean
it we are we are definitely going in
that direction we're going somewhere
weird for sure we're 100% going there
and there's no stopping it no way yeah
backwards buying new phones and new
technology and we're pushing it as far
as we can there was a guy I think it's
from the University Connecticut he is
the
preeminent researcher on time-travel and
he is right out of a fucking spider-man
comic book his dad died when he was
young
same sort of situation and he wanted to
figure out a way to go back in time and
save his dad so he's literally trying to
come up with a workable theory for time
travel that's the gentleman what is his
name dr. Ron mallet yeah dr. Ron mallet
and it's right now I mean he's got a
working theory but it's it becomes a
matter of having enough energy to
actually pull this off but the idea
behind it was all inspired by his father
dying and he thinks he's going to be
able to or someone may be able to go
back in time but when you hear stories
like this right when you hear the story
because I know you did like this is like
what you do you get to talk to all these
people do you believe them to a certain
extent and then you like you go
because for me I need the scientific
understanding I you know yes I'm not too
much into the paranormal I need to like
understand to see if this is actually is
conclusive well I think he found out
something unfortunate in that the idea
as far as time travel as we know it will
only exist from the time the time
machine is invented forward and backward
to that moment the idea like Terrence
McKenna described it the idea that you
cannot travel where there are no roads
and so once a road is established then
things get really fucked up because if
you create a time machine as Lisa's in
terms of what they understand or what
dr. Malak believes about time travel
right now and I hope I'm not butchering
I'm sure I'm butchering but I hope that
you can only travel back to the moment
the first time machine is invented so
once that door is open then time ceases
to become linear anything from the end
of time till the events of the time
machine happens all at once because
anyone can come back to that moment
because the time machine exists now it's
made so of course they're gonna innovate
anyone in the future is gonna innovate
these people that do innovate are gonna
have a much much superior version of
this time machine
everyone is gonna be able to go back to
the moment that the time machine is
invented in any point along the way from
the end of time to the beginning of time
from the moment that time machine is
invented so in that case if that really
is the case has a time machine been
invented I don't think it has why well I
could be wrong
yeah but what's your like I think every
dog is gonna be completely fuckin gonzo
you're gonna have people appearing and
disappearing and and and showing up and
going and it's a normal thing it's like
oh yeah he's traveling through time it's
just not only that like all events say
if like you would would you know dive
but what if he was a world war five a
hundred years from now and you were like
fuck this I'm going back in time a
hundred years before World War five and
I'm just gonna live there and they do
they decide to do that or world war
three or World War 4 they just keep
going back in time and forward in time
you could go if you had a time machine
and the time machine was in again I'm
butchering this imma moron I'm outside
if you had a time machine and time
machines existed from now until you know
the perceivable end of the lifespan of
the earth right when the Sun supernovas
and there's no more life left on earth
you could kind of go anywhere you want
from now to a million years from now as
long as there's a place to go right as
long as there's a time machine available
and the idea is that time as we know it
will cease to exist because our time now
is dependent on you know our biological
entities waking up moving forward what
time is it oh it's 3:00 are my meetings
at 5:00 better hurry over to downtown
traffic's rough this time of day all
that stuff's gonna be nonsense if
there's time machines because you're
just gonna be able to move anywhere you
want at any point in time sounds
ridiculous but so does the Internet have
you brought the internet up to some guy
who lived in Victorian you know time's
right and say look at this this is my
phone and you can ask it a question
it'll give you all the answers yeah
anything you want that would be the most
astounding form of witchcraft ever
invented now my 11 year old daughter has
one of those yeah you know I mean she
she asked that thing questions all the
time she gets answers to stuff all the
time that we used to have to go to a
library forum she would watch videos
that just come out of the air yeah
that's magic yeah and but it's we're
accustomed to it we
exactly so the idea is that what this
would do is change every aspect of
reality as we know it in terms of like
linear time it would no longer exist
but what would only those people that
know how to use a machine have access to
it well I mean wouldn't it be like cell
phones eventually everybody gets one and
we're talking about time right so if
everybody gets access to it a year from
now or three years from now it doesn't
matter because the time machine's
already been invented so they could
travel back to that moment and forward
from that moment so the moment they turn
that fucker on everything goes haywire
well so so let's not turn nothing on oh
it's weird and it's inevitable it's good
yeah well they want to see if they can
even make that happen I used to have a
bit that I used to do about the Big Bang
because they were truck everyone's
always tried to figure out like what was
the universe like before the Big Bang
like what what happened how was it
created and when you look at the
progress of Technology my thought was
that if you look at where we're going
and we're constantly innovating and
people are constantly coming up with new
and more impressive forms of technology
that one day we're gonna create a Big
Bang machine and that this is what
happens every five billion years or so
things get so intelligent they develop a
big bag machine and they sit around
these dudes are on Red Bull and xanax
and simulation and one guy goes I'll
fuckin press it and he hits the button
and boom the whole universe starts all
over again
and if you had a Big Bang Machine and
you knew that if you pressed it within
five billion years humans would create
another Big Bang machine this is an
endless cycle would you press it fucking
for sure there's someone that would
press that button yes 100 a person out
there that would press that button yeah
no I I heard more about the simulation
idea well that's another that's another
idea but that's Elon believes that he
believes that it's very possible like
like one of the things they said if you
could ask AI what would you ask you said
what's beyond the simulation like he
believes this is a simulation but if
you're Elon Musk
of course you'd believe
it's a simulation people who letting you
drill tunnels under la and shoot Rockets
off into space like an electric cars I
mean he's he's literally living like
some character in a movie that's her ex
or something yeah but if you're in a
simulation is nothing you can do about
it right so just might as well just do
it we do it all so it's a great way to
think like what is a simulation if
everything is a simulation it's still
life right like the existence exactly
everything you're accustomed to and
everything you experience and if it is a
simulation at least some aspects of this
are comfortably or comfortingly like
obvious like work hard you can get
better things right you can you know be
nice to people they're nice to you you
like B be a good friend you get good
friends eat healthy food you're
healthier there's there's like some
comfort to the lack of meaning that
there's there's certainly some variables
that are very difficult to account for
but there's also there's a surprising
amount of life that's pretty
straightforward
so it is a simulation it's not the most
difficult one to follow it's pretty
crazy and chaotic but there's there's a
lot of comfort in it like as much as we
try to dwell on the horrors of humanity
and certainly a lot of them disguise a
lot of beauty and people do and there's
a lot of cool shit in people yeah I mean
when you focus on that then yeah then
there's real growth I was at the Comedy
Store last night till like two o'clock
in the morning in this comedian's bar
just hanging out with all these
comedians we're just laughing and
talking and there's no no audience just
a bunch of people that get paid to make
people laugh on Jon Stewart was back
there Michelle wolf and all these really
funny comics we're all just laughs and
having a great time and talking and it
was I was like wow this is so nice and
reward so fun it's rewarding it's like
there's cool things in this life yeah if
you can find good people and friends and
and communicate and and and spread love
and have interesting fascinating
thought-provoking conversations there's
a lot of really positive things right so
this is the simulation
pretty badass adverse TV oh yeah Joe
Rogan you know making a brain foundation
I mean what a fucking great simulation
you're in absolutely I think yeah it's
like you you can make what you want of
it I mean it's not it might not be the
dream like the Elon Musk scenario right
away but it takes time to get there well
you don't want that dream I don't want
his dream yeah exactly his dreams crazy
well I mean his dream of like I mean
like you said he's just like almost the
superheroes is Bruce Wayne you know
doing whatever you know he's he's Iron
Man you know well you know some some
cars have small engines right there's
Honda Civics out there and then there's
fucking rocket cars he's got some sort
of crazy quantum rocket car engine for a
brain like yeah have you talked to him
no I haven't he's a trip he's actually
on the on the list of people I would
love to be in the studio with to make
music with and you know just get into
his mind a bit
I've been putting that out there to the
universe he's one of those guys when
you're talking to him you have this
feeling that he's running code in the
background wise time I think he just
gets bored with like regular mundane
conversations and he's got 50 million
things going on constantly and he's also
trying like he was talking about it to
me about how difficult it is to manage
his minds like you wouldn't want to be
me he thought he was crazy when he was
younger cuz it like so much was bouncing
around in his head
and he realized that other people
weren't like that and it's like oh no
I'm alone yeah I mean like literally
he's probably alone who the fuck is like
that guy right in terms of like a public
intellectual who's responsible for so
many groundbreaking technologies you
know the number one electric car in the
world like SpaceX tunneling under la
yeah boring company it's a fucking he's
a crazy man
yeah fast thank god he's around though
yeah I like that it's so cool to have
like a true outlier someone who's just
really out there and oh man he's
constantly attacked and maligned and
people are misrepresenting him and you
know people like all the crabs in a
bucket don't like it yeah I got a poem
down yeah too goddamn smart all these
people that fancy themselves smart
you meet that guy like oh okay there's
levels to this game yeah no he is he's
like my the top of my list just so you
know being his presence but I think it'd
be very exciting to try to do a song
with Elon Musk I'll ask him
well after the podcast might expose yeah
so he's probably busy yeah yeah I could
I could always make as easy as possible
just go to SpaceX or Tesla where yeah so
what do you in particular you doing with
this brain foundation I mean I think one
of the most important things has inspire
people more about brain the brain you
know like I mean obviously it's to raise
money for brain research works for one
finding cures for degenerative brain
diseases and to just understanding the
brain more working with orcs that that
want to understand the brain more so
that we can expand what our limitations
are you know in the conversations that
we're talking about you know bring some
of the science fiction and science fact
you know a lot of this idea that like
you know telekinesis is when you can
move things with your mind as soon as
possible
it already is really not like in the
supernatural sense like Magneto
well you know it's like you know there's
I mean it's happening like five years
ago people moving wheelchairs but there
with like implanted implanted yeah
exactly I'm not sure that the right
terms but I've seen the videos you know
like a monkey being able to move an arm
to its mouth to eat the apple yeah those
were happy those that happen like two
thousand thirteen or fourteen or
fact-checked that but it was not 2019 it
was like years ago so whatever they're
doing at DARPA whatever they're doing it
like Google what whoever's got these
research orgs and labs I I wanted I
would love to jump in there and just
like put my ear out there and just
listen and find out what's going on and
you know cuz I have my own interest and
passion on what's what the breakthroughs
are and I would also love to try some of
these things do you think they let you
sometimes I mean listen they're you
gotta try this Boston Dynamics might be
your best bet the rock the robot people
yeah they might let you in but DARPA is
that
DARPA DARPA won't let me in obviously it
will not let me in sign some paperwork
yeah but I want to get in to as many
doors as I can on any of this kind of
stuff and that's like my own personal
gain but also with the with the brain or
get just the brain foundation it's just
a like you know help out the smaller
orgs too that are that are one finding
the cures because at the end of the day
what I've learned is that if you don't
die of cancer or heart disease you're
gonna have a brain disease you're gonna
you're gonna go crazy you're gonna
you're gonna lose your memory unit
deteriorate yeah and you know you know
years down the line we're gonna be able
to literally turn our body into like a
used car and change all the parts you
know but you know if you start losing
your memory then you start losing who
you are did you talk to Kurzweil about
those yes it was years ago so I'm trying
to remember even like the interview that
we did but I'd you know I went in deep
on a lot of the anti-aging stuff and you
know I think the struggle that he's
gonna have as if he's gonna make it to
2045 because he's 70 or something right
yeah that's and he has a heart he has a
genetic defect with his heart you know
so but I mean he's just like one of
those like those heroes of mine that was
lucky to be in his space you know
playing on his Kurzweil keyboard
yeah the synthesizer that was that was a
moment we're both on this Beach to text
to didn't he yeah I think I mean he's
invented more than a hundred really
significant inventions yeah fascinating
guy absolutely yeah but can we squeeze
25 more years out of him yeah yeah his
biological life to get to 2045 because
if he's gonna like he's gonna be the one
that's gonna really push that envelope
part I think he's if there's anyone out
there that's well I'm I you know it's
clearly obvious why Google picked him up
you know you know and had him like head
the whole I forgot what the department's
called but
you know wellgood didn't Google by
Boston Dynamics as well
they bought a robot company I know that
which is like what are you guys planning
trouble everybody's email you have the
number one search engine on the planet
Earth you have the number one browser
like what are you guys doing what are
you doing over there
yeah you made robots are you oh but
don't you want to be in the room yeah if
you want to be in the room but you know
some of their choices are a little bit
questionable it's there's so much
there's there's science but then there's
so much there's social decisions you
know that they're making in terms right
like what people get to see and talk
about in here and a lot of is based on
the zeitgeist it's based on you know the
current state of politically correct
ideology what you can and can't say or
can and can't do and that becomes really
dangerous because you're kind of
controlling information you're
throttling information like you know
Tulsi Gabbard is suing Google for what
is it like fifty million dollars or
something crazy like that they say that
they purposely stifled her search engine
results so that people wouldn't be able
to find her as easily and they've she's
apparently proven it well so it's not a
pure information based company there's
ideology behind it there's motivations
behind it that you know politically
leaning motivations right yeah so no
yeah when he goes out when he goes into
that world um yeah like oh I forget
about that sometimes when you're like I
want to be in the beta break their rooms
you know well there was an internal memo
that were they referring to ben shapiro
and someone else I think it was Jordan
Peterson and maybe Dennis Prager as
Nazis which is hilarious because both
Ben Shapiro and Dennis Prager are both
Jewish so it's like their their
perception of who person is this was
brought up this is brought up by people
in Congress like they had to have
hearings on it trying to figure out like
what is Google doing like what are you
allowed to
how are you allowed to define people
internally in your memory memos and then
of course once you call someone a Nazi
then you can act as if they're
announcing
and you know stifle any sort of search
on them or stifle results or you know
yeah point point people in the direction
that you think would be better for
Humanity versus just pure information
and it gets it's very weird you know but
as a technology company look they're
amazingly just what they're doing with
Android and Google searching and Google
assistant and Google Maps is by far the
most the superior map application on the
planet Earth and it's constantly getting
better and constantly gathering up new
information I mean part of me loves the
fact that they exist and part of me is
like John is too much power has too much
power for one right one company to be
able to influence people one way or the
other so what's uh what's your
silhouettes that Joe Rogan's solution is
something like that regulations no well
I'm too stupid for this this I need to
rely on people that have actually spent
real time studying the effects and
understand it from a very deep level I
don't I understand it that it's I
understand that it's problematic I just
don't understand what the solution is
and I don't know if it's even it's just
a free distribution of information
across the board because then what do
you do about actual Nazis like if you
find the act like yeah there's a new
Hitler and he arises and really does
want to exterminate the Jews what
happens there you just allow that guy to
be on Google easy Google Hangouts with
Nazi hangout they're planning on
exterminations and where the right
where's the next outwits you know no I
don't think that that shouldn't be the
case yeah so what is the case do you
allow white supremacists on there to
organize rallies fuck where where does
freedom of speech end you know yeah it's
very complicated questions
yes we're all learning to navigate yeah
I think in many ways and this is a weird
thought that I have and I repeat it over
and over again but I think technology is
going to provide us with a new way of
communicating that's not dependent upon
language but rather can read actual
intent like an actual mind-reading
technology and I when I see
ilan some neuro-link this thing that
he's trying to do were there opening up
the bandwidth to humans and information
through use of implants and some sort of
a Bluetooth wearable device like that I
think is like a step in that direction
and I think Elon in you know in many
interviews he said that he thinks that
human beings are the organic biological
bootloader for for artificial
intelligence so if we're a bootloader
for AI the way to sort of combat that
buzz bootloader bootloader yeah like
like a computer boot loading oh okay
okay
yeah with a biological well the way I've
described it is that we're sort of an
electronic cocoon that's about to make
the butterfly and that we're we're the
caterpillar that's making the cocoon and
we're constantly in pursuit of Firefly
is the AI yes
the butterfly lucky if you see a
caterpillar right that kettle girl
doesn't know what the fuck's going on
it's just making a cocoon that's what it
does yeah and you know is that's what it
knows to do is yeah and the ideas that
we don't know what the fuck we're doing
either like why do we need 5 G's 4G not
good enough goddamn I get on the
internet pretty goddamn quick what are
we doing what seems like 5 G's better
than 6 she'll be better than 5g yeah if
you want to get that mind reading
software you gotta get 7g yeah we're
gonna do this to the point where one day
there's going to be a real thing sitting
oh we will merge with the AI because
that's I mean that's the future that I
hope for you don't lose yourself in that
you know like you're are you yourself
once you've merged with the AI and then
what's holding you back God all these
emotions are bullshit that's getting
yeah alright let's get rid of those yeah
let's just have pure people yeah pure
people now available through Nabisco
it's interesting because I cuz like my
whole point with neon future is the
convergence of I mean the ultimate goal
Z of convergence of technology and our
humanity to the point where we live you
know forever through you know this
downloading system that we're talking
about earlier on or yeah or you know
whatever seemingly makes sense in the
trajectory of where technology is going
you know so we do live indefinitely
you know I mean that's like for me as
well you know my insurance policy for if
I don't make it to this point like my
dad didn't make it to that that cure is
you know obviously uh cryogenically
freezing the bra to do that while I'm
already signed up so you know cuz I feel
like I mean if we are really this
discussion is are we gonna make it there
in our timeline I'm 41 so I have a
better chance of Records well obviously
yeah so if I really believe that you
know I guess it's hopeful you know that
we'll get to this point in our
generation that will help make it it's
that close right so either we make it
and then I die and then everyone lives
forever
do I want to be that generation that of
people that die or the generation of
people I go oh death is as a cure we
just we just found we found a cure for
death just like a cure for cancer just
like a cure for whatever what if after
your biological body ceases to function
you move into a new realm of reality
that is a completely different dimension
that's filled with love and
understanding like the after death yeah
what is that we don't know there's no
biological shortcomings
there's no emotions and there's no fear
none of that and there's there's no
bodies you just you're a soul in another
dimension and then someone unfreezes you
like well like Eve wanted to be unfrozen
people like fuck man I was I was there I
was on the other side the other like
you'd be like click opt-out no I can't
believe this and so then you go well
I'll just die again well here--here's
okay this is this is what I know cuz I
don't know I mean we both don't know
what's really gonna happen it's that's
likely I mean anything is likely okay
I'm not saying that I'm not like I don't
believe in God or I do believe in God I
just don't know what's really happening
afterwards but I know if I know that
what I've seen as me what I understand
of what's around me and my feelings is
that if I wake up tomorrow or if someone
I love wakes up tomorrow with an
incurable disease
that's gonna kill them it would be the
most horrific thing and I think at the
end of the day the human race is going
out to find cures for those kinds of
situations sure so that's like yeah
suffering pain I mean that's what we do
we try to stop and elongate our life you
know essentially we all want to live
indefinitely you know like through
finding cures for all these issues so we
want to live healthily yeah yeah exactly
you want to be a wheelchair like for 50
years just like staring at a TV Mike
Hawkins yeah yeah which is maybe he
found all the silver lining I'm not sure
but you know if you're healthy and
moving and then boom night and day are
there of course it's awful but at the
other day you just don't want that you
know like I mean I mean you you don't
want that kind of thing to happen so for
me it's like I would rather opt out then
have someone make that some like disease
make that decision for me yes the
suffering thing is the thing that we all
want to avoid we want to avoid
discomfort and pain and also causing
discomfort to our loved ones like one of
the scariest thing about dying is
leaving behind grievers leaving behind
people that are sad and miss you
terribly yeah it's like when you've seen
people with their loved ones have died
it's it's you know and why I've lost
loved ones we all have and it's a weird
void it's a that's horrific it's
traumatic and it's you know that's where
my conquests are my interest in passion
led to anti-aging the future you know
and then building on that for the ones
that I love that are alive now you know
and doing whatever I can to like share
the information so that they live as
long as they possibly can in the
healthiest way possible
you know so like I'm like just gathering
gathering information as I go you know
and it's exciting because of those
things as I get bigger as a personality
you know sometimes I do jump into these
rooms and in one case just recently I as
a doctor that that just that I've worked
with you have your guns done some stem
cell injections with them in Denver
and he came to my house he was with some
other doctors and they're like oh yeah
there's a doctor convention others in
Las Vegas those conventions all the time
there so they all came over and like hey
you know there's some breakthrough
groundbreaking stuff just happened this
year you can now find out on a cellular
level of cancer detection for at least
16 different cancers you know so like
it's like very very preventative you
know more along the line so I was like I
want in so I got the information and I
just like that was a Christmas present
for everyone what kind of stem-cell
procedures are you going I mean the
first time was through through Dan
Bilzerian he he's introduced me to the
one in Panama so I went down there
dr. Neil Reardon exactly but my mom was
just down there oh yeah
last week yeah I've sent him down there
twice that's great and it was in the
verge of getting a knee replacement and
her knee was really bad and eight months
it was took a while you know cuz my mom
is 73 and within eight months her knees
stopped being in pain and she was able
to walk and she can you say they went to
the Grand Canyon and hazing yeah and now
she went back again to just get a second
dose and juice it up some more it's
incredible
I just know when I was there I saw a lot
of kids in there but the one in Panama
because it's it it grows muscle or does
something I like I don't want to say one
thing
it regenerates tissue right so kids with
muscle dystrophy kids with like where
they can't walk anymore they get the
stem cell injections and they can walk
for and then after six months you know
the the stem cells do leave your body or
like the didn't stay with you Manish
right so once again I don't the
scientific terms I could be off but they
have to go back in get the stem cells
and they can have you know as you know
that kind of life instead of having me
in a wheelchair so I went I went in
there because I just wanted to try it
out my friend also came with me has
asthma knocked out his asthma he never
had to use inhaler for way past six
months really yeah because the stem
cells also really affect the lungs
the umbilical cord cells they they
travel the lungs first from what this is
an IV IV version yeah an IV we did IV I
did shoulder my shoulders because I have
I later got a rotator cuff surgery
because I had like a bone spur going
into my tendon but I tried to use the
stem cells too so didn't have to go the
surgery mm-hmm but you can't erode bone
right so yeah so you got it shaved down
and so what they did exactly yeah and
but I just like my performance level
went out the like the general kind of
markers of what it's supposed to do
actually increase actually right after
right after that I went back then when I
went back to Vegas met up with Dan and
we did to work out it was like it's just
you know two times more and he you know
it worked like you know it did what it
was scientifically supposed to do for me
for my stamina my energy yeah and you
did it for three days did you three days
yeah three days and three days of IV and
then injects into different joints and
exactly and I did that and then about a
year later I was with dr. Grossman he's
the doctor I work with and he wrote the
book with Ray Kurzweil called I think
it's the sub the sub text of the book is
stayin alive until we get told tell who
you reached singularity or something
like that and it's a it's like a a book
on being healthy basically anti-aging
book he wrote that in with with Ray
Kurzweil so that's why I heard about him
I went to him a few years back to get
like the full blood work going for me
and my family I want we did like two
days of testing all kinds of stuff to
learn more about our bodies and see what
we're deficient in what we're not what
vitamins we need to take to supplement
the things that were deficient in and I
came back just you know maybe a year ago
to do his version of stem cells because
in America is a different kind of thing
like Panama obviously out of America so
they're doing the umbilical cord stem
cells or they harvest the stem cells
from
kourt's so they have a zero stem cells
he's doing stem cells it's almost like a
plasma therapy when they took my blood
spin it and there you know pulling out
the stem cells from my own blood so it's
41 year old stem cells but his point
that he's saying is that the size of the
stem cells they're much smaller so
they're able to travel past where it
ends up clogging which is like the lungs
and like certain areas of the body so it
does travel more just it's not the day
zero stem cells but it's still
effectively doing its work when you
think back to like 20 years ago
there was no discussion of this so this
yeah this is completely you know I've
added stem cell shots too and I had a
full length rotator cuff tear in my
right arm that's gone just sealed up
well healed yeah
I was having real problems with his arm
when I was thinking I was gonna need
surgery now it works great no problems
at all hit the bag lift weights and you
you ejected intravenously and into the
arm yeah I've done both yeah exosomes
I've done there's a new thing called
Wharton's jelly that I had a pretty
profound effect it's a very potent
mixture of stem cells we're getting
close to the point where you don't have
to go to Panama but going to Panama
right now is the way to go so that's why
you want your purple no I didn't go to
Panama did it all in America where Santa
Monica medicine yeah I have to try that
out it's a place that originally started
going to for Regina Keene do you know
Jenny Keene is where Jenny Keene was
originally invented in Germany and a lot
of guys like Peyton Manning and Kobe
Bryant they had to fly to Germany back
in the day to get this and what they do
is it's a more advanced form of
platelet-rich plasma right like they're
taking your blood out they spin it in a
centrifuge and heat it through some
process and they add things to it and in
the process that creates this incredibly
potent anti-inflammatory agent that's
from your own blood it's like this
yellow serum then they inject this
yellow serum directly into areas where
you have injury and/or inflammation and
has a radical healing effect and it's
really really good for bulging discs
people that have disc issues and back
issues and I had a pretty bad one in my
neck that was
keeping me out of judge itsu my hands
were going numb you know because the the
Bulge was pushing against my nerve now
it's gone like I've got it I got MRI six
months later after the procedure there's
no more bulge now most of the time when
you have a bulging disc sometimes it can
go back and heal but most the time it
does not and most the time what happens
is you wind up having to get a
discectomy where they go into the disc
they remove the offending piece that's
sticking into your nerve but now you
have a smaller disc you have less disk
tissue so your discs start to collapse
your your actual spinal column you know
the the actual hard bone moves closer to
the other hard bone and you know becomes
real problem arthritis forms scar tissue
forms the more disk tissue you have you
know that the better off you are
and they're able to do that now to the
point where they increase a disc tissue
well it would it doesn't decrease it
okay so when the disc is bulging it
actually gets to go back in it gets it
to retreat the stem cells as a blood
plasma therapy
Regina keen okay but stem cells have
been shown to start to do that too
they've actually started injecting stem
cells directly into dix disk tissue and
I was talking to dr. Roddy Magee out of
Las Vegas he's he's one of the guys it's
really at the cutting edge of all this
stuff well I'm with UFC fighters and
they're doing that with them and he was
the guy I originally went to to treat my
shoulder because of dr. Davidson from
the UFC who's the the main doctor for
the UFC he was telling me he had
shoulder surgery he's a little bit older
than me and his shoulder surgery took
but he was still having issues with it
he was trying to figure out what he what
he should do because he was still having
pain when he was swimming went and got
some stem cell injections all the pain
went away so he was telling me about
that he's like you know you got some
pretty significant tears he might really
need surgery but maybe this will help
you for now so I went there and the the
amount of help that it the the amount of
alleviation of pain and discomfort was
stunning
how's air can you believe this is a real
thing you just shoot this into whatever
it's bothering you and then all sudden
like four months later you're like
where's the pain I'm a fucking pain
anymore
new meat can you introduce Kentucky oh
yeah that's great
yeah yeah I'll give you his number
either great I send people to him all
the time but he's on the cutting edge of
everything like anytime he's a young guy
and he's a really enthusiastic and super
brilliant and anytime there's any sort
of cutting edge medical practice that
guy's he's on it like for instance one
of the things they're doing now is when
people get ACL tears which usually when
you get an ACL tear usually you need
reconstruction and what usually with
that reconstruction is either a cadaver
graft where they take the Achilles
tendon out of a dead person and shove it
in your knee and then your body
repro liberate that with its own cells
it takes about six months and then you
have a functional tendon again it's
great I had it done myself
well but now they're able to reattach
the actual torn ACL would they have some
special technique they do and they've
had people tear an ACL and then compete
in the Olympics four months later Wow
which is fucking bananas that's crazy
yeah and he showed me this procedure and
how they do it then he showed me this
guy four months post-op doing all these
box jumps and shit and I was like this
is nuts it is nuts
well yeah so there's a lot of hope in
terms of regenerative medicine
absolutely yeah and thank God for people
like dr. Reardon and dr. McGee and dr.
Ben Russia who's the guy that I go to in
Santa Monica I mean these guys are just
on top of this incredible new wave of
regenerative medicine yeah I'm obsessed
with that world so I'm talking about it
it's like a it's very exciting yes well
you're in Vegas you got a visit rowdy I
would love to meet all those great guy -
yeah you would love him yeah and he's
like super enthusiastic about it if he
finds out that you're enthusiastic about
it he'll geek out with you yeah what
else have you had done stem cells
shoulders shoulder I had I just had
focal surgery vocal cord surgery whoa
did you get polyps or something yeah I
did yeah
polyploid on my vocal cords Isis sing in
a band I said I used to be it's like in
a scream a hardcore band
or a few of them I mean that's where
like that's my roots of who like my
where my music was as far as what led me
to DJing was being in in these like
hardcore punk bands so that's a lot of
screaming lots of screaming yeah and
then I carried that through when I
finally like but when I finally you know
retired that hat and I started DJing
years and years later and I started
doing these bigger bigger shows and
started doing the festivals I brought
out that same energy again and I started
you know when I started producing the
music electronic music I was bringing in
guitars I was streaming on some of these
songs so I'm bringing some of my past in
with my music and I'm back again but in
a different world and and I just I'm not
I'm not a trained singer you know so I
destroyed my vocal chords and I was just
like raspy as hell like I was just like
an old Italian man someone shows and and
then I saw a doctor he's like you know
I'm a choice you're gonna have to like
you have to take a break and I'm you
know I'm doing like 250 shows a year so
it's like huh stuff for the month and
and and and not talk for a month
that was crazy not talking for a whole
month yeah imagine Joe Rogan not talking
for a whole month but a lot of people
but I had to do that that was very hard
I actually saw a life coach before X I'm
like I'm terrified I don't want my like
demons or whatever anxiety or whatever
things that I have like creeping up or
they're like okay you're mine now you
can't you can't talk to someone about
you know yeah like I'm scared you know
but I I got through it I just I'm a very
busy body kind of person so like I just
scheduled it was like going back to
college but with things that I needed to
train and get better at like get better
at piano get better at meditation get
better at you know twisting the knobs
engineering whatever it might be that I
wanted to be better at I just brought
more people into my world
then I finished like an album a month
making music with different people
just was just so focused on creation and
and learning and reading and you know
all that good stuff so when I left I was
like okay now I know how to do TM
meditation or Transcendental Meditation
and you know I'm more comfortable doing
the things that help me that be a better
artist well it obviously worked right
but what was the first sound that you
made after a month what was the first
word I'll tell you something that that's
really interesting I know now to do the
most hygienic sneeze that you can
possibly do tell us because now I can
sneeze with no visible vapor residue
because you know what people sneeze you
can see those videos it's like it's like
this cloud of trillions of bacteria
floating in the air yeah of course if
you do that to me you'll probably see
some vapor but you don't feel on your
hand if you sneeze and you just like
you're it's all like gunky and you know
what happened sometimes right yeah well
now I can sneeze because I'm not using
my vocal cords so as I sneeze I blow out
really hard because I had no choice
I couldn't COFF I couldn't actually use
a vocal cord after the surgery or what
have you had to cough so okay whoa so
when I sneeze I sneeze like that I go so
if you do that sneeze was that that's
how you do it that's how I sneeze I
almost want to get some dust
yeah if you could make me see I will
show you and then basically so you just
breathe out yeah it's it's the cleanest
sneeze you could possibly do no yeah so
that's one very important thing I
learned through this whole but the first
sound I mean I don't remember scared to
say a word like when he ever DJ's result
yeah yeah it's probably just you know
you know you also whispering is really
bad whispering span like that yeah like
yeah so you know with Springs not good
for your vocal cords you think it's like
gentler on them but from what I was told
to not whisper so I literally was
texting
all the time for mmm you know until I
had to make that you know if you
probably develop some fucking
lightning-fast thumb yeah I wanted to
get things out but that's what you did
most the time just text people text
attire it's called text to talk when I
was in my meetings cuz you know I've run
various different you know businesses
and I have to you know be on calls so
I'm like texting and talking I was
Stephen Hawking yeah you know yeah yeah
yeah but if we come back to yeah
the agenda for today yes they apparently
wanted to give him a better voice and he
didn't want it yeah he's like I likes
that mother more see real ike voice yeah
no sorry I didn't understand you know
you can get Syrian nice English voice
yeah he was not interested he likes that
he liked while he was alive that weird
rough computers he I mean from what I
heard about him each as his sense of
humor was was very funny and he's just a
very sarcastic guy seemed he seemed like
a really interesting girl yeah who also
really liked strip clubs
no I did not yeah Eric Weinstein told me
about that
remember see but there was a really
interesting article written about him
that he would love to get wheeled into a
strip club he liked he enjoyed it and
like liked being there but I guess that
completely makes sense if you lost
control of your body still were
attracted to women you have still found
them amazing you'd want to see them
naked dancing in front of right it's
like it makes total sense yeah you know
yeah because you want like I mean
exactly you can't get it but you can at
least be there yeah what do you out
Jamie there it is acclaimed physicist
Hawking a regular at California he's a
regular Wow it's hilarious I am proud to
say that I saw him speak when I was in
college
oh wow no kidding yeah look at him when
all the strippers Peterson Stephen
Hawking's go strip clubs look at him
that's amazing what does it leave a
smile he looked so happy
he looks so happy well we'd hate
absolutely yeah
yeah I would I would imagine that would
be a very trying 30 days so when it came
when it was over was your voice normal
did it come back did its it was
different but I was warned that it would
sound a little different like you sound
different now than you sounded before
the operation I'm used to what I sound
like now so I almost forgot what I
sounded like before but I think maybe a
semitone differently you know but you
know it's like you just get used to the
new you like if I was gonna be half
cyborg half half man I'd probably just
be like okay yeah this is me you know
like you just get to that when you've
when you've situated in that the half
cyborg thing is gonna be really weird
when people start replacing legs because
I think if you could develop a leg like
a cybernetic leg that's better than a
normal leg someone's gonna say chop my
leg off and give me one of those someone
someone somewhere is gonna do that and
if that becomes seamless and you know
you get some Steve Austin Six Million
Dollar Man type shit going on things
could get real weird that's uh what
you've all talks about and how it is you
know that whole idea that like first we
use the technology to heal the people
that need it but at the end of the day
it's going to be used for advancing
humanity mmm you know like there's like
you know the you want to save you want
to help people that that need to walk
first right yeah but but then it's like
just like you said if it becomes very
normal then the upgrades will be used as
well to advance the people that don't
need it yeah and then we get to a point
where you're unscrewing your head taking
your brain out but and and it's that's
also what's interesting is that when you
say that you know now it sounds crazy it
does but it doesn't
yeah well to you it doesn't yeah but to
me doesn't either but that's exactly
what you're saying about the phone too
you know or like what you're
showing someone in the Victorian age
yeah it's about the internet right and
when we get to that place it's gonna you
know it's gonna feel like oh well
everyone everyone did it so like when
Luke Skywalker got his arm chopped off
in Star Wars and they put another arm on
me that's really quick remember yep yeah
that shit's gonna happen
I believe it yeah I don't think that's
so I don't think that's too far away I
think that's probably 25 years away I
hope so I think I hope so too
yes we are seeing some pretty advanced
artificial limbs so there was a guy who
got his leg and his arm bit off by a
shark and I met him at the comedy store
and he has this carbon-fiber arm and a
carbon-fiber leg the guy doesn't walk
with a limp
he walks completely normal and he shook
my hand how scared don't crush my hand
because he's got some fucking Iron Man
hand and he's have like the look like a
hand or is it just my own hand well yeah
I got black carbon fiber hand that
articulates it moves because they're I
think they're they're starting to make
it where you can feel yes I think they
are yeah
so that way right there Wow yeah we've
actually mean that's the next level
right it's like when you can make an arm
that has nerve joints into the this
artificially intelligent and
artificially connecting with your with
your brain yeah he's he's an interesting
character because that arm I mean it
it's you will you really get this I am
robot kind of feel yeah I'm seeing his
arm and his leg like cuz it's I mean I'm
sure he would tell you that he's much
better off with his arm and his leg back
yeah but when you see the guy walk
around man he fucking just walks around
he looks normal I mean what they used to
have in comparison to what they have
today I mean it is leaps and bounds and
I'm sure the future so that's his actual
arm well that's what it looks like Wow
shark bit his fucking arm off that's a I
mean I I wouldn't want to put the arm
and lake yeah that was a Hungry Shark
asshole
yeah it's uh you know it's interesting
because this is that we're in we're in
this new frontier of what's possible I'm
sure they're upgrading his stuff all the
time as well you know and what's or
what's available to someone I can yeah
but it's exciting to see like when you
when you like you know when you see it
firsthand you see him not lipping and
you know where we're going
you know like like I'm saying like all
the sci-fi films that we see that some
of them are gonna have very real
you know scenarios in our life for sure
yeah yeah
are you a technology geek outside of the
sort of thinking about the body as in I
mean I am of course I definitely say I'm
a tech geek yeah because you kind of
have to yeah if you're you create
electronic music yes I'm a gadget guy -
you know I love like gadgets and trying
new little things that are out there I'm
you know like I just want to try it all
I want to like experience things in
different ways to enhance my experience
overall
yeah creating music electronically is
it's kind of polarizing to some people
though right because I mean I think your
music sounds fucking amazing but for
some people they want to hear an actual
sand ring of a guitar the rap of a drum
the you know like people have this like
very narrow I did true music is it's
true and you know I think that there's
two layers to - like electronic music
you know you have to first of all make
the music so you're you're all you are
making the music in one form or another
with you know I don't actually don't use
like live instrumentation so much but
sometimes I do and because I come from
that world it's natural for me to bring
a guitar in but it's not necessary you
know everything can be made from a
laptop you don't even actually need very
much anymore look at me you can make
like a like or higher song
yeah Garage Band I guess would be the
rudimentary for use Windows to use a Mac
I use a Apple Ableton Live
and that doesn't live as a software yeah
it's like the DA the that I used to
create the music but you know you can
literally you don't even need a keyboard
you don't even need a mouse well if you
really you just need a hard drive of
samples or you know having enough that
you can build off of and your keyboard
becomes you know you know how you're
gonna paint your notes in so you can
make it that streamline if you want it
to now having like this big studios it's
great and I have a really beautiful
studio in my house but it's more about
the energy of the room for me like I
want to go in there like going I'm gonna
work 12 hours and I want to be excited
to do that all the way until whatever
time it's that Las Vegas Vegas effect of
being in a club or being in a casino and
you don't know what time it is I want
that same effect in my room to be like
energized and also energized people that
come in but if I'm on the road like you
know making an idea and just like strip
lining it I don't really need much you
know and I think that's like your setup
right there oh yeah yeah dude what a
fuckin badass room carpet yeah I call it
with that it's a you know blue obviously
my book my books called blue is my
favorite color and I want the the
feeling to feel a futuristic so it's the
neon future cave and if you look up at
the ceiling if you scroll up in a
picture whatever you'll get to see maybe
it's not in that picture but I have yeah
so you have like these like LED lights
coming through the ceiling as if you're
in like a cave well and and then you're
looking at everything in this enormous
projection screens out what that is
yeah and it's and it seats a ton of
people so you know just I mean I'm
releasing my my next singles with the
Backstreet Boys so I can fit all the
Backstreet Boys guys in my house in my
studio and we could you know do what we
do have you always lived in Vegas I
moved to Vegas in 20
I bought my house in 2013 what made you
move to Vegas I was living in LA
and my career broke in Los Angeles so
it's no doubt about being in LA for as a
musician as an artist someone in music
that's where you if you want a break you
can have all the connections and build
your network here fastest than anywhere
else in the world New York I feel like
is the media hub or fashion and then LA
is as a music hub and then Atlanta is
like the hip-hop hub Nashville's country
but I broke in LA and when I started
touring 2009 10 2008 9 10 11
I was just gone I start I wasn't like
living in LA the way I lived in LA going
out to all the places that I love to eat
all the culture of what LA offs offer I
was only there 50 days of the year maybe
so I was like well just sign a residency
2 in Las Vegas when the nightlife boomed
for DJ's and from 2010 it was a big
shift of of what nightlife has to offer
in Vegas and DJs were a big part of that
and I started a you know a big residency
deal and then I was like I I mean I'm
here more than I am in LA and you know
it's a good tax situation there there's
no state tax there and I'd have to leave
LA my my home turf but I'm not even
there right so I just moved ship
entirely bought a house bought the dream
situation house that's notice that like
there's so many perks for me because LA
I had like a 2,000 2,500 square foot
maybe 3,000 square foot house which was
nice million dollar house in the hills
and that's when I finally made it before
I lived in an apartment on DeLongpre in
El Centro East Hollywood
I guess Hollywood and Vine area nine
hundred dollars for 900 square feet
that's where it all started for me
that's when I first moved to LA and I
started making money it took time to get
there I kind of talked about that in the
book like the hardships to get there
because one of the best lessons that my
father shared with me was this tough
love attitude where you know he was a
very rich flamboyant restaurateur
Benihana had fancy cars was very fly
she's very American he's a one that
broke through the American Dream the the
Japanese though one of the few Japanese
people that actually did that so he's
just like y'all look at me with you know
flying hot-air balloons
offshore boat racing and and then like
you know I guess a traditional thing is
like that he would financially help me
you know because he has the money to do
that but one of the most powerful things
he did was he just financially he didn't
financially help me and I had to figure
though my issues my hardships my
business plans my financial issues that
I was going through on my own so I had
to start there and because of that I was
able to succeed through some of the hard
stuff and and have that drive to want to
make money for myself so during that
time in LA you know I'm kind of like
dressing here you know I lived in this
apartment for about seven years and then
the DJing my first priority of my record
label that was like why I moved to LA
sign artists developed them helped them
and then I was deejaying building the
brand of the label and we created a
really cool scene in LA and we were
breaking some of the the biggest acts
not breaking where we were we were the
underground hotbed you know like I say
like the comedy shop or something where
like everyone would hang out so like
Lady Gaga was playing for free at our
shows Skrillex was there every single
week will.i.am was dancing in the corner
and then going back to the studio making
Black Eyed Peas hits because 2007
through 2009 Black Eyed Peas were the
biggest artists LMFAO is there every
single week this is and then they became
the biggest acts so we're like this
hotbed of music culture in LA but it was
my party's Wow and and then that's how I
you know made a name for myself is that
I was throwing these parties and I was
DJing them but no one cared that I was
DJing them the only reason why they were
going is because these acts would always
be there and then the celebs would come
in you know that's when I met DJ I am in
2006 2005 and then we got together and
he brought the celebs in so now like
there's a spotlight of pre TMZ kinda
like oh what's going on over here with
this electro sound and with what you
have like Daft Punk their unmasked and
and like really cool underground like
Kate Cuddy their and Kanye West coming
through and then there's Lindsay Lohan
and Paris Hilton and all these different
people all like in this small room and
people wanted to know what the hell is
going on in that in that little space
and this is what's what's great about
this time
was that it was pre snapchat pre social
media it was just MySpace
so you had to be in that room to
experience what was happening so people
would fly in to just be in that room to
hear what was the cutting-edge sound
that was going to be eventually popular
you know people wanted to play in that
little 300-400 cap room did you film any
of that there is always one guy filming
I mean that's the thing because back
then there's no phone so I could films
like razors and write you know like like
blackberries that you know you just
can't hide kicks yeah it's like it's the
worst quality so a guy have to bring a
camcorder in right and this one guy
Glenn Jame and he would always film
those parties but a cobra snake my he
was my best friend he would just run
with me to all the shows and parties cuz
back then I would play like five nights
a week in LA and and he would photograph
and he would document and that's how you
would find out about the lifestyle the
the clothes like this the look of you
know what it was to be on Cahuenga in
hollywood and that whole you know and
then you see Kid Cudi there and you see
Kanye West there and you see you know
whoever else that was just like hanging
out absorbing the culture that we were
that we were like creating there and and
then eventually that was what got me out
of my debt bubble that was you know cuz
I was a pretty bad businessman I was
running Dimock I thought I was doing
shit right because I signing acts that
actually mattered and we're taking off
but I just didn't know how to you know I
was just spending spending like yo we
keep going with this and then you know
then I start bringing the right people
and I was like okay I need to build a
team I need to build some people that
have some sensibilities in this world
while I'm creative and then the DJing
just took
as I was getting more into production to
get anyone to remix in getting more into
creating myself as an artist and then
that is what people know about me now
but really it was people knew about me
because of the dim lock and and it's a
it's interesting health sometimes the
evolutions of the errors of who you are
you know of change over time and then
you know fast forward 2013 is when I was
like okay I got ya la helped grow me to
Who I am my management my label they're
still la you know but steve aoki it's
gonna be Las Vegas so I would love to
see a documentary on that to see that
would be an amazing film like to see how
that all was going down right now like
if you have video footage if you get
somebody to edit that and put the other
a documentary of that time period
because it's a really interesting time
period yeah you know for the the
creation of electronic music and and
what you pointed out that's so
interesting was that 2010 was really
somewhere around the time Vegas started
becoming these these electronic music
shows started taking precedent they're
the biggest fuckin thing I was staying
at the Wynn recently and the hotel room
we were at was overlooking the pool and
I forget who it was that was playing
there but it was fucking chaos yeah and
like you don't and especially when
you're you know we're like above like
high above looking down yeah bird's-eye
view it was so crazy it was so loud and
so crazy and there was everybody this
never existed yeah I mean it's totally
Vegas for a long time yeah this is a new
thing it has a new thing over the last
nine years exactly and it's overtaking
Vegas everywhere you go there's these
gigantic billboards with you there your
face on it or whatever other DJs in
right place and who's the guy with a
fucking marshmallow head there's a guy
at marshmallow yeah well I hate that's
marshmallow yeah you know Kay that's
like the unknown comic
that's got a marshmallow on his head but
there's so many I didn't even know who
that was like my kids are explained to
me my 11 year always explained to me
marshmallow fuck do you know who Mark
and and we're there and it's just it's
everyone that's going out in Vegas but
it used to be Vegas used to be like a
cultural weird void yeah right you would
have some big acts that would come
through there but it always seemed like
they were at the end of the run right
yeah yeah yeah you had to be at the end
of your run yeah like when Michael
Jackson was considering doing Vegas it's
like okay he's like finally saying that
this is the wrong run or you know it's
like you see how it did like Celine Dion
you know did a residency in Vegas like
she's probably just tired
Donnie Murray yeah you know metal oh
yeah Barry Manilow you know like Carrot
Top does the residency there I mean he's
doing really well it's not it's not a
knock yeah I know it's not it's really
not but it's that's what it was but then
all of a sudden it became electronic
music and it's like wow what is
happening like the you know these things
are enormous like there's so much bigger
than any other kind of event that you
have in Vegas other than like massive
sporting events like brycie or someplace
yeah well it definitely it's it's
provoked by energy to you know like and
it's that's infectious yes yeah it's a
fucking great time yeah if you go to see
Barry Manilow or you know whatever who
there's no knock on them but you know
I'm saying it's like I'm sure it's fun
it's mellow it's like whatever you're
into but when you're seated you know
like you're seated for a reason because
you're there to like sit and just enjoy
yes there's no seats at a steve aoki
show I mean there are they're like the
tables and stuff but no one's sitting
down right it that's the that they'll be
strange to see someone unless service
passed out drunk or something but for
the most part everyone's standing and
jumping and being part of the moment and
that's that's my job yeah I need to make
sure everyone's attention is on me and
then I'm taking them to this next level
I've always wondered what it's like to
live in Vegas though like I've never
lived there you know my good friend Dana
White lives there he loves
he raves about it but I've always liked
like Vegas okay so is it for me so I'm
la guy right like my heart and like you
know I love Los Angeles
I know LA so well and you know with LA
you have your limitations its Los
Angeles you can't like if you want to
build your dream house you can't have a
lot of money to do that in Vegas when I
moved there in 2013 I got a sick deal I
bought my house 16,000 square feet
whoa 2.8 million I think - hilarious
yeah 2.8 it was a short sale as a total
steal I mean like the guts were not good
like it was like one of those like prop
homes almost so I had a Regan like I
spent like 5 million into the house and
it was more about building my own dream
house as I would want to have it I have
a foam pit in there with a trampoline
room I have I the pool in my backyard
was too far away from my house so I
filled it in and I built a pool at 16
feet deep right next to my patio that's
20 feet up I built the patio out so that
way I can jump into the pool from from
the top I'm like kid and basically a big
kid and I just think about how I want to
make my house fun interactive for the
artists that come there for me I have a
fun gym I've you know I got my own like
chess station backgammon station have a
poker room you know it's it's the most
hospitable house you know and I have all
this space I have like a big shoe room a
big shoe collector I got a crazy library
with books and records you know I have a
Bruce Lee mirror room a mirror room it's
my closet but it's just like you walk in
it's like LED strips everywhere with
mirrors and you know I'm just having fun
I'm having fun with my house there's a
mirror room I have some really crazy
really beautiful art but I got this
amazing Banksy piece and so I've you
know been starting to collect art
there's my shoe room and there's a
Banksy get mad if people buy a shit I
bought it from him oh you met him tell
us what he looks like
he is a he's a girl just kidding I never
met her but uh with I you know I got in
through his some people to get into is
he definitely a real person you know I
don't know yeah it's someone in 2019
it's managed to stay that secretive yeah
it kind of amazing credible because he's
a cultural phenomena yeah I mean he's I
mean everybody knows what banks he is
yeah right or you know of the oxy I
should say but no one knows who he is
which is crazy who the fuck has ever
pulled that off right yeah unique human
being
yeah it's true how does that work how do
i it's not sure that i think yep i mean
it's it's like his he's always seeming
to find a way to troll people in a
social or political critique just like
he did with the the art sale of the
shredded paint yes how amazing was that
yeah that was pretty crazy yeah but
watch those people after they paid it
and see the the thing dropped it
alright but let me ask you this though i
don't want to go too deep into this but
because i don't know if i'm like
stepping on anyone's toes here but if
this is really suffrages or you know
what like a real auction house aren't
they going to look at the painting or
the piece are they going to open up the
frame and make sure there's not some
weird drill going through like i think
they would ever expect that to be the
case i mean but your but your and your
antique you should be checking
everything making sure everything's
authentic no well if it's an authentic
piece and they somehow or another some
reliable source brings it to them as an
authentic piece they just accept the
fact they don't check the details of the
piece I mean what can they do
meanwhile by the way I'll take that and
fucking glue that bitch back together
believe it that well you want to like
that that's so player it's like what
makes the value is it right let it
actually have it hanging there that's
why you want it in your house really you
want it just like that yeah look at the
people's face sometimes I forget that I
got a phone oh no
Oh No Thurston we've lost the piece yeah
you know I I wish like it's funny that
we talk about this because sometimes I
forget like you know we're having a chat
and I realized oh there's a lot of
people listening in on this so maybe I
should give away some of the stuff that
I've learned about it but um
yeah anyways we'll leave it there well
he's definitely unique human yeah so
let's get back to Vegas so you don't
feel weird living there
cuz the one thing that I've felt about
Vegas is I always enjoy going there and
enjoy leaving more I'm like gimme home
but that's because you go there with
that intention like for me I built my
compound right so it is home
it's 100% home it's it's exciting to be
home and the best part about it is like
first I built the compound this dream
house to invite like all my friends I'm
a hospitable guy so I like I want
artists to come there my friends had
come there stay there with me with
family and the next best thing was
calling my mom and my sister who lived
together and I said well you moved to
Vegas will you be in my neighborhood and
they said yes and that was the best
money I ever spent was buy my mom a
house and they you know like they live
around the corner my mom's cooking like
by the time I'm home I see my mom all
the time and I never had the opportunity
we had this ten plus year gap where I
see her like once every six months
because I'm just touring like a beast
right now I just see my family a lot
more you know like it so in a way I'm
trying to bring my family all to Vegas
my cousin's moved from from the East
Coast with his wife and his mom to Vegas
you know before my mom so I have my
cousin there I have my mom my sister
there with their daughter my brother
Kevin who's a restaurant tour as well
he's you know planning to make the move
because we're gonna open up some
restaurants on the strip dan you got
your fingers in a lot of pies and on
that pie note I do have pizza okey yes I
do I have 19 kitchens now Wow yeah it's
been about about year in two months and
we're growing at a rapid rate and I
would imagine 19 and 19 19 kitchens
most of them are in Los Angeles because
that's you know like that's where we
kind of broke ground and we're just like
opening up kitchens in all the areas
that that uh post space was giving us
information like yo this is where it
makes sense to do that so we work with
all the delivery hubs and it mostly
delivery thing or do you it's just yeah
I do have two dining locations but the
whole business model is about delivery
really yeah it's all about delivery and
that way my costs are very low and then
I could be effective like I'm not really
spending much money on marketing and and
what's funny is is that people love to
post about pizza and Pete's Aoki is a
pretty fun concept dude fight companion
Pete Aoki Saturday let's make it I will
send as many Pizza Oh keys you guys need
like whenever you wanna a live fight
companion for the UFC this Saturday it
would be like 11 a.m. in the morning
because it's in Abu Dhabi so we'll hit
it up make that happen
yeah oh we got all kinds of pizzas but
most importantly you know the the idea
of pizza okey might sound like a gimmick
and you're like okay I'll try it out
but 60% of the people or in Pete's Aoki
are returned so we know that it's
quality you know I would imagine that
you doing anything half-assed no so do
you do you get you know so you've
essentially like created your own world
in Vegas so everyone's there that you
know and you could take the thing about
Vegas right is like the allure of the
strip but you're kind of removed from
that anyway you don't do drugs you don't
drink right you don't fuck around with
anything no yeah that's like one of the
things that we talk like oh you know
when we talked about how I'm sustainable
is that you you have to not do the
certain things that that make it
unsustainable right so I never really
got into drugs I do talk about my book
my first acid trip when I was 13 but
that scared the living shit out of me
it's to stay away from anything loosens
genic and like literally got 13 so I
just stay away from drugs that's a bad
time to do acid
it's a very very funny story but it got
to the point where I just became this
this straightedge hardcore kid I became
extremely religious because I was in
this like I was 13 I was looking up
going I'm gonna be fucked for the rest
of my life like when you're on acid
you're like fucking out there you're
just so fucked up and and when you start
thinking like this is how I'm going to
be forever you're clinging on to
anything that can get you out right and
for me when I grew up as a kid
I'm almost putting me into like Catholic
schools and one of the best thing the
Catholic schools do is indoctrinate kids
on fear and so we you know like you know
I remember going up to the drawing board
like there is like a drawing of what
hell is like guess who's going there
forever people that don't believe you
know and you know when you're young you
start seeing that and and then when you
get into a place of vulnerability where
you're like where I was I was like
scared shitless I was like I'm gonna go
to an insane award when I'm 13 because I
can't gather this acid hell trip how
long did it last
I guess like what seven eight hours but
every second is like a minute you know
because you cannot sleep you cannot stop
thinking about what you're in I mean
there is like it's like this exaggerated
emotions like the first part of my acid
trip was like I was so funny
I was laughing at everything it was like
the best thing ever did oh my god
everything is so funny I'm just laughing
I'm like in pain because I'm like so
just laughing and everything just
everything's joyous and then like I went
into this upside-down world like
stranger things when I got dropped off
at my friend's house and everyone went
dark and my friends were my friends 14
he doesn't do drugs so he was and his
mom must come down okay everything's
okay no no they knew I was on acid but
they're like you're like I'm like a 80
pound Japanese kid you know five foot
it's you know like a little kid like
what the hell is my doing acid for you
know I do talk about like where that
came out but um yeah so like when I was
when I got flipped in that world
then everything was like
I saw Street Fighter I like fireballs
from Ryu coming at me like when I close
when I close my eyes it was very very
vibrant and vivid and I mean it was it's
it's a trip for sure so once you regain
sanity you're like enough of any of this
nonsense yeah yeah once I was like oh my
god I'm back this is this is for real
like I have fuck drugs fuck this shit
you know like and then I was like I'm
straight edge cuz that's the music I was
starting to get into and then I was like
I'm all about God and Jesus it's gonna
save me you know like he saved me so
like as a kid I was very religious going
out and that you know start exploring
more about the world and and then went
more from this face or faith based
concepts of living through life to you
know things that needed me more it
needed to make sense for me I'm very
much more scientific on like the
understanding of how I want to see
things where where did the change take
place when did it take place uh that
would happen to be college and post
where'd you go school UC Santa Barbara
so when you went was great and I love
Santa Barbara it's like the hidden gem
of California right yeah so sweet out
there yeah
so you just became educated started
learning more about things and it's yeah
it I don't know if there was like one
spark that happened it was just kind of
like I just had questions about why
things happen like what what is religion
like what you know you know how things
work in the world how societies are
built
did you study theology a little a little
but I don't know if that would be like
the philosophy classes I was taking was
not really the the crux of it sociology
was my major I was Women's Studies and
sociology when I was in college women's
studies yeah well yeah well yeah I have
to say like strangely nothing that's the
first thing you think about right why is
a guy in women's studies like trying to
understand
I mean the reason why I was in that
department is because my favorite
teachers were the ones teaching those
classes so I just was like all right
I'll try this one
and then Oh like wow this is a pretty
interesting I'll try another one and and
then I was like well I'll just I'll
finish off the major and uh you know I'd
have to say like the stuff that I
learned in school it's in large part of
how I kind of looked through kind of
like navigate through our life like
sociology I am a sociologist I've want
to study people like why they do certain
things you know like how do i navigate
them in different directions well and
then you've become a purveyor of great
fun like that's essentially what you do
profession you give people a great time
yeah your shows are this wild extremely
energetic experience for people and they
leave there's a certain level of
transform ins right I've watched some of
your shit online and you do these
enormous crowds man and it's so epic and
you see all those people going fucking
crazy and dance along to your shit I
mean it's got to be a wild wild feeling
knowing that you're giving this really
positive experiences right thousands and
thousands of people that are just
roaring along to your music yeah Wow ya
know as you say I'm like you know you
know like
because it's exactly what you're saying
and that's why I'm I guess you can say
I'm addicted to that and because I care
so much about that I have to be
sustainable you know that goes back to
what we're talking about like what do I
do is you do - there's no fucking way
you could do 250 shows a year and get
fucked up
250 oh yeah because there's a lot you
know in that business especially you
know the business of electronic dance
music there's a lot of people doing
Molly right there's a lot of people
doing all kinds of amphetamines and all
kinds of crazy shit and you know think
like you do that every night man you're
gonna look like an 80 year old man 40
years old because you've literally
burned the candle with a blowtorch
you've used that Elon Musk not a flame
thing you know I mean it's but you know
what I always say if whenever I have the
opportunity is that for the people in my
crowds and I had to say
country-by-country they're very
different as far as like what I think if
they're doing drugs or not where they do
the most drugs um no I don't think so
I don't but you know it's hard like it's
like I'm just judging right I don't know
like what people are doing out there I
could judge by how interactive they are
that's the best way I can tell right if
they're like yeah that's the worst
that's the worst like subject to play -
it's like literally playing at a
cocktail party when their backs returned
to you it's the same kind of thing for
me so if they're already high and they
just like loss in their world like it's
no fun for me plus I spent so much time
making like my sets so interactive so
engaging and entertaining like it's bit
disrespectful but like you know some
people are gonna do it you're not gonna
be like the debbie downer be like yeah
everyone drugs get the hell out of here
what percentage do you think in Vegas
would leave oh I don't know I don't know
I know you want it I don't even want to
know I don't even want to know honestly
nice weird weeds different though yeah
weeds more like chill you know like but
if you're so like highs went off your
head where you can't you don't even know
where you are what's going on then like
you just lose the whole experience I
mean a lot of times people like what
happened yeah well I mean what's the
point of you know the experience if
you're so blitzed out of your head you
don't even know what's going on so
allegedly during the experience they're
having a good time and yeah yeah but I
mean that's it's a well it's a really
wonderful way to make a living it's a
it's like literally the dream come true
you know to make people happy get to be
I always say like I feel like I'm the
chef in the kitchen making the food and
I go out and I get to watch people eat
my food and then they're like oh this is
really good I'm like I'm like yes you
know like since I see that feeling I'm
like let's go back and make more food
but we got to sprinkle more truffle on
that and then let's deliver and then get
a C and then they're like you're the
you're the chef Mike that's me you know
like so like it's like I get that luck
lucky position to be able to to make my
music and then share it and hope that
they have the same feeling that I have
sharing it so how many shows do you do
in Vegas and how many shows you do
abroad uh around 40 in Vegas so to ten
forty a year forty year so how do you
when do you they're like how do you
still have residency is where Hakkasan
omnia jewels smaller club of theirs and
and what Republic so there's four
properties that I play which is nice
because if I had to play 40 shows in one
I mean it wouldn't necessarily be that
bad because thing about Vegas is a
transient crowd right so it's always no
matter what even on one weekend I might
be playing possibly three or four times
for one weekend right and every show I
do while there's a day party in a club
that the club is a complete different
influx of people coming in because let
the people that saw me the day party are
gonna go see chainsmokers or a
marshmallow or you know whoever else or
Calvin Harris or whatever is playing out
on the strip the competition is as thick
as it gets every night there's the
biggest DJ's playing alongside you know
each other is
amazing if you stop and think about what
a crazy change that is to an
entertainment environment like the Vegas
the transformation to that electronic
music around like you said 2010 there's
not a thing like that that you can point
to anywhere else in the world where like
all the sudden this one dominant form of
entertainment has taken over the entire
nightlife of a city
right like other than a big some sort of
big event that's in Vegas the fucking
rodeo or the UFC or something like that
where everybody comes in to see that
right
you guys are what's up I mean that is
what's up in Vegas it's the it dominates
it what how did that happen that's a
crazy thing it really is yeah when you
say it like them like no place like if
you go to New York if you go to LA if
you all places all around the world
there's no other thing that has
transformed the nightlife of a city the
way electronic music has transformed
Vegas transformed changed everything
went from non-existent to number one
with a bullet like there's not even a
close second it's all electronic music
Anthony Bourdain used to hate it it was
you know he was like it was old and
crotchety be if these places all the
music and it just wasn't his thing but
he still was in awe I love that happen I
love that guy yeah I never met him but
he was awesome yeah yeah there's a
plenty of people that that do go to
Vegas were like this is so annoying and
kids running around like kids but like
young adults running around you know
especially they day like in their
bikinis right I mean I guess probably
people would like that but in any case
it's a yeah it's also different for the
casino operators because they're dealing
with this younger generation of people -
right and they have to think differently
about how they're gonna get them to you
know do what Vegas is meant to be you
know with the economy is serving
gambling yeah well they're paying to see
you as well and alcohol sales as well
yeah I think alcohol
have become a large large portion of
their revenue right I think that like I
could be wrong here but the gambling
side is actually a smaller portion then
the everything else I think that's true
I think that's shifted I've read
something about that recently that
Entertainment has become the primary
revenue source in Vegas whereas it used
to be gambling right but it's you know
there's they're still gambling but boy
it's hard to just convince young people
to start gambling yeah it's easy to
convince them to start dancing yep
you know yeah it's like it seems normal
its natural there's also when you're
young you don't have the money to just
risk but you have the money to go and
like experience fun yes yeah you know
like when you're older you're like okay
I can I have some of like flexible
income streams I can put down on some
blackjack what I would have loved to
seen the Sinatra days like Vegas when it
was run by the mob the Rat Pack and Miss
Jean I just would love to been in the
room and watch watch one of those shows
and then you know come to today and see
how things have changed I mean I think
that's like the Bourdain thing like he
had been there when he was young and
then see it changed now right but I am
fascinated by change I don't resist it
and I don't I don't say are the good old
days that don't mean shit to me I am
absolutely on the same page as you yeah
I'm interested
you know I'm yeah I'm always interested
in the next thing I want to try the next
thing you know and you know you want to
enhance your experience you want to
enhance what you're doing to make it
serve you better
but if you went to someone in like 1985
it said hey man guess what 2019
electronic music shit people go what are
you talking about get this guy out of
here man there's one one guy that did
say that though who Jim Morrison did he
really yeah so like he did a prediction
it's like somewhere I'm sure you can
find it but you did a prediction where
whenever he was alive I guess I guess
probably 70 60 or 70 so he said like the
future will be one one person with some
sort of computer or something it was
that's going to be devised
electronically or something like
and that one person will be making music
for people and and performing that now
watch a video so remember yeah so I I
forgot what he said but he said
something to that effect and it's like
it's crazy because that was what 50
years play this take it from the
beginning
music indigenous to this country are the
black music blues and the kind of folk
music that was brought over from Europe
and when I guess they call it country
music or the kind of West Virginia a
higher lonesome sound those those are
the two main streams of route American
music then we have these others I don't
know but uh like ten years ago what they
called rock and roll was kind of a
blending of those two forms I guess in
four or five years the new generations
music will be it'll have a synthesis of
those two elements and some third thing
it'll be entire maybe it will be it
might rely heavily on electronics tapes
I can kind of envision maybe a one
person with a lot of machines tapes and
electronic setups
singing or speaking and using machines
yes from what his mind says of what he
can consider is what that would be it's
you know he did predict yeah I mean
where it is you know like I think that's
what happens when you do acid correctly
[Laughter]
get those sort of visions yeah because I
mean also Jim Morrison like you could
tell he's he's such an artist that you
know he could after the doors you just
be himself yeah you know he would have
done in Jim Morrison album or he's made
all the music he's done everything he
would be exactly what he's saying he's
basically predicting what he would have
in my opinion what he would become and
he was probably like 25 in that video
which is even crazier yeah and we died
at 27 that's that's crazy nuts yeah nuts
I mean that whole era of the 1960's
fascinates me to no end I love the cars
I love the sound to this day most of the
music I listen to is classic rock I mean
I listen to a lot of new stuff but man I
will pull out some fuckin classic rock I
love it I love listening to it yeah
there's something about it that makes me
it just makes me realize what a profound
change it was between the 1950s and
1960s that the culture exploded that
something happened something happened
and the the clothes and the music and
the sounds and the fucking muscle car
it's like everything went haywire like
you went from 1950 to 1960 and just a
rat shit right right there's so many
great artists you know Hendrix and yeah
the whole idea of like like okay now
it's time to experiment and to free
ourselves from the confines of what like
you know it's yes Yeah right the doors
wide open
I think Buddy Holly was great I loved
Buddy Holly but if you go from Buddy
Holly to Hendrix you like what you know
that's what acid trip actually goes
right like you're say they said used to
put acid in his bandanna I don't know if
that's true yeah
that it would seep into his skin as he
was planning he's just like lighting his
guitar on fire and picking with his
teeth man how much would you love to
watch that guy live oh yeah that was
been incredible to be in the presence of
something completely unique you know
this hippie black dude who's the
greatest guitarists of all time still
still yeah there's no one like there's
some amazing guys today Gary Clark jr.
and of course you know Stevie Ray
Vaughan was amazing there's a bunch of
great amazing guitars but also the
showmanship though you know the outfits
the like it's like all of the combined
not just his his technical ability yes
the fact that he was doing these these
things that you're like you know some of
the guitars won't wouldn't do that
that's not part of their like you know
protocol but he was just like on another
world
yeah and it should be a part of that you
know see that it's incredible a complete
outlier yeah yes and again like no one
was like that before that and I go to
the 1940s it's only 20 years I mean 20
years ago is you know we're dealing with
you know 1999 that's that doesn't seem
that long ago yeah but 69 to 49 you
might as well be from another world yeah
you really might as well be
might as well be another planet so what
do you think was one of the bigger
cultural shifts of why that happened
drugs simply hundred percent yeah
hundred percent yeah I mean obviously
when we talk about Jimi Hendrix and the
Beatles and The Beach Boys I like
whoever else is like yoges yeah adores
Joplin drugs yeah
drugs The Doors drugs right everyone
drugs they were there taking
mind-expanding psychedelics and the
culture had shifted to embrace these
mind-expanding psychedelics and there
was also the resistance to the Vietnam
War there's this rebellious movement
there's these young compassionate people
that were trying to figure their way
through life in a way that didn't
resonate with the way their parents had
set boundaries and standards and they
wanted out of all of it that Goldwater
Republican shit they wanted to be free
in fact
our children and hippies and yeah then
Woodstock and all that craziness you
know yeah and what's amazing is how
quickly it ended you know yeah so many
things case right so many things the
deaths yeah the death scared people you
know like you know at the end of the day
like when when they're dropping at 27
yeah you're heroes Morrison Janis Joplin
Hendrix all 27 and and like they're the
leaders of this experimental revolution
yep not good it's gonna end things
pretty quick I think there was that
there was also the sweeping psychedelic
Act of 1970 that made everything
schedule one and they were locking
people up in jail they were also passing
laws directly was there was a civil
rights movement was having at the same
time and they were passing laws that
were directly targeting the people in
the civil rights movement because they
knew that they were smoking grass and
they were doing mushrooms I say we're
going after them with these drug laws
and then you know they would arrest one
person they would turn on everybody else
and then you know they would do like mob
tactics well and you know the whole
thing they just poured water on it it
took you know it took like 10 or 20
years before shit started popping again
yeah you know in terms of like the
influence of psychedelic culture again
really more like 30 years you know it's
like the 2000s where things started
happening again or people started
becoming more and more aware of the
positive benefits of psychedelic drugs
and altered states of consciousness not
trying to escape reality but trying to
get a grip on reality from a different
perspective you know that's an
interesting like like when I think about
psychedelics in that regard of mind
expansion or you know if you at the same
time it's like this uncontrolled
situation that like okay we're gonna
jump in this world but there's no way to
really control your lane it's just like
this yeah it's like yes we can go there
well it might not end up you might get
stuck there that's my problem yeah with
that you could get stuck you know I mean
like you you hear the horror stories and
that scares the hell did you like this
guy's still on an acid trip for 25 years
walking around that you know thinking
chasing him pass it in particular yeah
like shine on you crazy diamond and I
think there's there's people that have a
predisposition towards psychosis there's
certain people that have schizophrenia
in their their their genes yes in their
answer and for those people it's very
dangerous you know what else is very
dangerous for those people edible
marijuana not just like what you think
of as hardcore psychedelics but I've
known acquired quite a few people that
have eaten edible marijuana and a blown
fuse Wow
yeah there's something I just recently
did which is pretty exciting for me was
um you know once again a scientific
information I'm just gonna wing it
but I I tried this brain cap on okay
this has all these nodules like that can
read the neurotransmitters in my brain
and it's connected to a computer and you
you sit there for about a minute and you
just you I kind of meditate on really
focus on one one thing so it could start
like reading your your brain basically
your neuro transmission signals and it's
kind of like neural feedback on steroids
if you know anything about neural
feedback and it gave me a list of
categories of what I want to know about
Who I am I've no I always thought that I
had a slight a TD
I never was diagnosed because I have
like if if Joe Rogan's boring me I might
like turn over here you know like the my
intention is normal yeah I know right
but I was like I don't have that bad of
a TD where I can't concentrate to get
things done because I get things done
but I do have I do think about a lot
more things and I think I should maybe
so anyways I was I did this test and it
shows like your signals coming and and
it has all these different things like
anxiety delusion schizophrenia you know
attention so forth you know absolutely
incredible I was like okay I'm scared to
press this button schizophrenia
I'm really scared but I want to know so
it gives you the feeling of being
schizophrenic tivity if you if you have
a tendency to be
let's get a friend I thought you were
saying like there's a way for the that's
that's like futures but like I want to
see if like do I have the the neural
pathways that that a schizophrenic
person would with you know how they
would think about the world you know so
you know I clicked on that I'm like I'm
good
you know I'm good okay good so what
about delusion okay anxiety low okay so
I got a lot of information out of that
so I guess the reason why I'm sharing
that is that you know you should try
this out you think it's something that
that I think you'd be interested in
interested yeah do you mind you know the
name of you well they they flew to me
just like I'm saying like I love to meet
groups and organizations and research
researchers and scientists and these
people knew I was putting out to the
world they came they flew all to me like
some from Colorado some from Toronto and
and and they they did this test on my
head on my brain yeah so I'll get you
information on that we're gonna try it
out and see if it's something that that
that's like interests you but I'm sure
it will I'm in it's very exciting stuff
it sounds I hope I'm not crazy fuck what
do you do if you find out you're really
insane you need to be locked up and all
sudden people come well you wouldn't
even know right if you're really crazy
you like you think it like you know the
five people are on the corner chasing
after you they're always there real or
is a beautiful mind cut a bit about the
problem with dumb people's that they
they're too stupid to know they're dumb
so they think everybody else is dumb
yeah if it's a problem yeah so if you're
crazy you might think everybody's crazy
right even though yeah like the brain
scan is making you crazy it's like what
you might think that everybody else is
crazy
right now and you do the brain scan like
no no it's you yeah you're tricking me
you're you're doing something to me I
have you ever met people that blame
everyone else in their life yes all
their problems
yes sure yeah and they can't see what we
can see yeah I can see hey man it's you
yeah you are causing yes of your
problems yes but yes you never are
self-critical yeah looking externally
for all of your issues
you're criticizing everyone but you are
the architect of your own demise
right and you don't even realize I think
that is one of the the biggest problems
for like why people are not finding
their own success yeah you know because
they keep blaming other people for
problems when they could use that same
time to actually focus on a small
success that's realistic in their
trajectory or whatever they're doing
yeah
and I've seen that a lot with my you
know some people I know just it's it
they get stuck in that that that
framework and then there might be people
that enable that same mindset yeah its
patterns as well like sometimes people
develop these defensive patterns in
order to protect themselves from reality
and they put up these psychic shields to
sort of protect themselves from
self-critical ideas or externally
critical ideas and they just don't want
to deal with change they don't they want
to pretend that they're the fucking man
they're the coolest everything else is
dumb yeah and God it's such a toxic way
to view the world it really is and the
people that have that view gain no
traction that you almost always fall
apart yeah it's just it's unsustainable
it's not a way to live your life no yeah
it's it's fucking hard to see to man
it's hard to see you if you know someone
that's like that you almost kind of
gotta go away yeah anymore yeah well I
think also for them they see the success
of other people and they're like like
they want to be that but they're like
yeah you know they obviously can't with
they just blame everyone that they can't
be that person right now instead of just
like going well you gotta take these
small baby steps to get out of this funk
and then eventually you know stop
comparing yourself to other people but
compare yourself till you're yourself
yes no look at yourself critically but I
think another thing that's really
important is to enjoy other people's
success instead of being jealous which
is a really common easy to understand
sort of an emotional reaction to other
people's success you what the best way
to look at it in my opinion the best way
to look at is look at someone else doing
amazing things I go fuck this is
amazing yeah well they've done right be
excited by it and then be inspired
exactly you can use it as fuel in a
positive way and then also there's no
negative feeling like that person
doesn't have to feel like you're you're
fucking giving them the sour face
because you're you're jealous and bitter
and weird and you're looking to be
critical of them and find flaws in them
look at what they're doing like look at
like if you were a guy who's coming up
right and you wanted to be a guy who
makes electronic music and I'm sure you
have haters oh my god they're lined up
lined up I'm sure yeah why why do you
haters because you're fucking awesome
that's why is what you're doing is
fuckin awesome
so instead of saying man this guy is
inexhaustible is excited about what he's
doing he's got a real passion for
creating things people love it and your
attitude about making these shows and
giving these people this amazing time
and how much focus and energy you put
into it
what a should look at that and go this I
gotta do more of that I gotta do more
that I gotta get more investments but
instead they try to poke holes right
that is a sore spot for people to sore
spot for assholes yeah yeah nothing you
can do about that you just have to you
got to keep on being you but yeah
they're they're they're hell and their
prison is that they're focusing on you
yeah you know they're hating and
focusing on yep yeah true words yeah
it's um it's a weird world being an
entertainer isn't it yeah it's a
different kind of lifestyle you know
it's you know I mean actually the
strange things when I think about like
like Fame or whatever is celebrity hood
when I walk through certain areas I get
like I have to just go okay I have to
accept the photos I've to accept like
people coming up to me I want to be the
asshole because I've been that kid going
up to someone and they're mean to me and
I'll be like oh that guy is a dick you
know and they'll think of you that way
for us if even if you're just in a bad
day or some you know you just the one
that was me the most
people coming up to you while you're
eating I had a guy come up to me right
now last night in the middle of like
literally cutting food and in a crowded
restaurant
yeah and he's hovering over the table
trying to get me to get up and take a
photo I'm like dude what if I did that
for everybody like what if I just yeah
right that's a ridiculous request yeah
like you shouldn't do that like yeah
what did you say did you say okay let's
take a picture
I said yeah we're in the middle of them
yeah not like that we're in the middle
of Andrew Schultz my buddy and we were
in the middle of talking to ya this guy
just interrupted the conversation wanted
pictures like there's a time and a place
for it right if you want to say hey when
you're leaving can I get a picture sure
yeah sure yeah well you got a mouthful
of food and you're cutting food and
somebody come on you can't interrupt
meals yeah it's a ridiculous
that happens to me all the time it's
what's stupid but you know what's really
weird in LA doesn't help me that much
well many people are more accustomed to
seeing famous people yeah and they're
like I don't want to you know they just
get it they don't to bug you some but
everywhere else LA New York I'm not
really bothered as much everywhere else
it's like it just is just gonna just
have to accept it but you can't
interrupt people while they're eating
when I'm talking to my kids right it's a
stupid thing to do yeah you have to have
manners you have to have some sort of an
understanding that this is a human being
right is living their own life and even
though you're a fan of them you're being
a fan does not take precedent you you
can't just don't owe you this right no
can't just interrupt their life and you
shouldn't want that yeah didn't want to
interrupt someone in the middle of a
conversation in the middle of the meal
in the middle of talking to their
children it's a foolish way to interact
with them I remember one time I was you
know in a deep conversation just like
you're talking about with someone
outside of the casino about to leave and
the sky is just drunk and he's just like
like staring and like wobbling and like
you know doing his thing and I just see
him hovering and I'm not gonna engage
with him I'm just talking and finally
I'm like hey man I'm just in the middle
of converse a
and you know well I didn't say we'll get
a photo later I'm like well talk to you
later because I didn't I don't want to
like be presumptuous and I got done with
the conversation and and he was just
very aggressive and I just I just ran I
remember I ran to my car and I'm like I
just don't want to get into this you
know like and he's chasing me oh my god
chasing me and just like fuck you I was
your fan you've like treated me like
shit you treat your fans like I'm like
oh my god this is just too much you know
and like and it stays with you you know
like even though I don't know that's a
problem Vegas - yeah people are at it's
like they're at New Year's Eve level
every night you know I stopped doing
shows a couple years ago on New Year's
Eve because every time I was doing was
like why does everybody think it's okay
to be an asshole tonight yeah people
want a heckle they want to yell things
out I was like on New Year's Eve I'm
just gonna stay home yeah I'm gonna hang
out I'm not gonna do shows it just seems
too chaotic right never feel that feels
like a real show well Vegas is like
there's a lot of people that are running
around like every night like just going
crazy it's yeah it's such a wild place
it's a Hall Pass it's like okay we got
to go big we're here 24 hour drive right
yeah free booze of you gambling yeah
wacky thing when they give you a drug
that fucks up your decision rate and
then you're gonna gamble everything you
have yeah how is that legal
you're gambling an or massan's of money
and they're giving you alcohol right
it's just so crazy I don't know but I
love it I love that it exists I love
that there's a city where everything is
kind of wild where everything is like
things are okay I play pool in Vegas is
one of the rare places where pool halls
or 24 hours a day so you could play pool
- a 5 o'clock in the morning 6 o'clock
in the morning you know you and there'll
be good players in there yeah and you
know people really appreciate pool and
you know everything
24 you get good meals like really late
at night yeah that's that's for sure
yeah yeah it's a wild place it really is
but you because you're a clean and sober
guard you avoid all the pitfalls yeah
yeah I think that's like how it works
for me because I'm not like I'm not a
strip club guy you know I I just I don't
I've learned my lesson on gambling I
guess that was my gamble I did I did but
um blackjack mainly and that's just the
worst thoughts for you it's the most
you've ever lost in the night 50/50 K
Dana White told me lost a million bucks
one night
yeah I'm not at that level he won seven
million and then when he won okay baby
he's as far as like my date is crazy but
they kicked him out of the casino they
said he can't come back yeah that's the
problem you actually win you like do
well for yourself when the odds are
stacked against you and they kick you
out that's crazy well the crazy thing is
he's just gambling yeah he just happened
to win what are we doing is this really
gambling or drugs dealing money from
people yeah what are you doing yeah the
guy won and they like where you're not
allowed to play here anymore right you
know he's not stealing yeah Dana White
yeah you know he's rich yeah exactly you
know he's just a gambler yeah so this is
like real gambling this is not like some
guy with some sort of a scheme is
cheating yeah someone's doing something
with exactly actually gambling yeah and
you're mad at him right back because you
lost yeah that's I know following the
rules they'll ban you from the casino
yeah I almost wish I was like can I get
to that level that's like can I get
there where I'm I've just won not much
but interested I don't gamble at all I
used to gamble on fights yeah um but
then I was like maybe I shouldn't be
doing this cuz I'm doing commentary in
these fights yeah conflict of interest
but that was the early days like the
early 2000s like 2003 and 4 and shit
like that
yeah because they wouldn't have some
wacky numbers back then to like guys
would come in from other organizations
and these odds makers didn't know who
they were and I was a
fanatic I knew who everybody was I mean
guys are fighting in Japan cuz there was
times where a guy was the favorite and I
was like that guy has no chance he's
gonna get hurt Yeah right and I was
right like 80% of time like my friend
Aubrey and I've given him tips guy give
him tips now cuz I don't Campbell myself
right but we're like a 86% we know why
stop then because of because you're
commented I don't there's no law against
it
I can't affect the outcome but I don't
want to be psychotic psychologically I
don't want to be subliminally influenced
right or subconsciously influenced like
yawning someone to win yeah like if
you've got $10,000 riding on a fight
yeah you're gonna want that guy Yeah
right right how much of a professional
you are yeah you know when someone loses
you're gonna be like you're supposed to
be there to do justice to the experience
of these two guys going at it and giving
their all right supposed to be hoping
one guy yeah that's true
it's also really hard for me when a
friends fighting you know yeah Daniel
Cormier fights is very hard for me to
see him very hard yeah my last fight
with steep a and I love steep a too but
to watch steep a beat the shit out of
Daniel was rough it really hard yeah
because Daniel is such a good guy I love
that guy and to watch him eat those left
hooks to the body and then get beaten
downs like oh that must be hard
and I'm commentating on it like it's an
amazing thing I'm watching right right
it is amazing so it's hard to separate
you know when Brendan Schaub was
fighting it was the hardest that was the
hardest cuz I was good friends with him
yeah I knew he really didn't wanna fight
anymore and I was like God god that's
that's really that must be really hard
it was when he doesn't want to fight
anymore and he's just getting beaten he
was getting beaten and he was getting
beaten bad and I didn't I didn't see an
end to it who's the guy with the nose
that went crooked like this recently
Mike Perry oh that sure is crazy Craig I
can't believe someone can continue
fighting when their nose is literally
across her face that dudes a savage I
mean you have to be a savage like 100
percent bona fide dyed-in-the-wool
like he literally like imagine what he's
fighting through when he has his his his
nose over here it's his faith has to be
completed numb well well no no no no or
I be I don't know I don't really know
pain
okay massive pain the sinuses are one of
the most sensitive areas of your face
when you get your nose shattered first
of all you can't see your eyes are
watering and his nose is pouring blood
Oh mines getting choked right he's in
the middle of getting Chuck nose like oh
that is the worst fucking nose I've ever
seen in my life of all the years of
calling fights the only thing that comes
close is Rich Franklin when he fought
Anderson Silva pull up rich Franklin's
nose versus Anderson Silva and you'll
see similar but not quite as horrific
but the thing is about Rich Franklin was
bummed out about his nose whereas you
know Mike Perry was like fuck yeah he
didn't you look at the one the far left
right there far left far left far left
right there click that one that's the
one where Anderson Silva sort of
reconstructed his nose it's hard to see
in that picture make it larger so that
that's his nose after yeah it's all
shifted off yeah that's you know looks
all fucked up Wow with that ain't shit
compared to Mike Perry so Mike Perry's
is the worst nose in the history of the
sport today I mean what does he look
like now who's that guy's nose click on
that one in the middle above above let's
think Gronk a little bit Jesus
Wow whose fucking noses that Jesus it
went up into his forehead looks like
this worse nose breaks in the UFC who is
that dude yeah he looks like looks like
half his nose is a up in his eyelids oh
my god that's just swelling right but
look how March shift Ryan mcgillivray
whew that's rough Wow Jesus Christ
Wow yeah yeah not still smiling nose
he's still smiling there's Shogun
Shogun's nose got fucked up too I think
that was against John Jones
yeah Conley their Congolese nose got
shattered yeah man and then you got to
get it all reconstructed and they got a
sort of Stitch the bones back together
again
because if you get this bone shatters I
make oh man there's not much there you
know it's such a tight if you feel that
bone it's like so gentle right so
delicate yeah if you take a knee they're
like oh that's how they're breaking
right yeah he's all right now well it
looks pretty good
damn they did an amazing job freaking
straighten pizza I mean yoki pizza haha
but the crazy thing is his nose was look
like the worst situation that you could
possibly get in and his nose now looks
pretty normal or the other guys as noses
are just like that one guy with the bolt
right by his eyebrows like and his nose
is still curved to the right and you
smile and like you assume Mike Perry
would have that kind of nose after that
that kind of guys right after the fight
you know Mike Perry had to go through
extensive surgery yesyes well I was
where does that fight take place
Uruguay yes oh yeah South America yeah
so he had to stay there and get really
extensive surgery was there for several
days just to try to recover before he
could fly home the scary thing is he's
gonna get back in the ring
fuck yeah is loves it and then that that
bone that he's gonna have is gonna break
down again is it gonna be weaker or is
it gonna I wish I could tell you I don't
know you know really because imagine if
it just shatters again he's got to do it
again yeah we got his nose reconstructed
who's what is this not a UFC but it's
called UFC kicked in the face oh that's
the worst nose ever oh my
that's horrible oh my god yeah that's
the one that said oh there the guy in
the bottom is a guy who got his nose
damaged somehow or another and they grew
it on his head oh it's a hard business
man what kind of exercise do you do I'm
I like hit training high intensity yeah
high intensity and it you know kind of
like blending two worlds I'm you know I
stopped gambling the casino but I love
gambling with my friends and I love
making profits on you know just my
recent one was a body fat challenge
because I was a
19.6 April 14th 9% yeah and then I
dropped to well by the bet list if I can
drop til ten percent in three months
well that's easy
well maybe for someone that really
understands how to do that but like you
know I I wanted to get there and I just
like when I work out I kind of work out
just on being healthy and cardiovascular
and just like you know just staying in
shape but I didn't I never thought I'd
get below 10% but you must have changed
your diet pretty oh yeah cut out sugar
cut out bread exactly all that stuff
stay below 80 hundred calories and you
are your vegetarian still no I eat
chicken and fish but I stopped eating I
don't eat any cows or you know Cal's
pork pig or lamb or anything like that
but I'd pretty much stay with the
chicken and fish my proteins and are you
what are you there
I think I'm 12 really right there yeah
cuz I you keeping your fat in your brain
that doesn't make any sense
you know it's it's in my eyes I mean I'm
probably where I am now because I've you
know the bet ended in July 14th but I
did win the bet so I made 15 grand for
my friends but you know that's like how
I'm motivated to do things I'd like to
make bets with people to have these
little challenges and then with that
timeline then I you know work with my
trainer who was you know holding the
towel down and and he trains me every
time I'm home and he gets me on my meal
plans so I deal with him all the time do
you do like a meal prep service I do it
through his company oh yeah so I design
company diced diced kitchen I think dice
kitchen he's your friend huh yeah but
like you know he's like it just gets
like my assistant puts it in the fridge
but you know it's all like chicken and
vegetables yeah pretty much
turkey chicken fish and then and then
veggies and you drop down to 1,800
calories a day
drop down to 1,800 calories a day and
this is the hard part is I'm on the
rode like you know more than 60% of the
days when I was not touring across
Europe and when I'm touring across
Europe all summer long I'm gone
so how are you getting like really
healthy food every meal when you're
doing this I round ball you know i ball
kind of my calorie count whenever I eat
and I have my fitness pal as my my judge
you know is that My Fitness Pal is on an
app it's an app yeah Under Armour app
that okay that like I just put in all my
food so you just use it to just make
sure that I'm eyeballing this 1800
calorie deficit kind of diet and then
you know just avoid the over starchy
over carbee foods and focus more on
eating the proteins and the veggies and
the netic vitamins or supplements ooh
yeah like I try to try to switch it on
and off like I said like before after
after I met ray I was like okay I need
to just find out what I'm deficient and
I'm gonna just load up on those and then
I went to see dr. Grossman who kind of
gave me my like 22 page pack of of my
telomere links to cancer markers if I
have them you know to like what I'm
allergic to to when i'm deficient in and
then and then i followed that regimen of
what the vitamins i was taking some of
which was i still take like one is
called seller gin it's kind of like a
you know the closest thing to a stem
cell-like
injection if you can if you swallow it
it's like you know it's got this and a
lot of anti-aging properties in it
seller Jen Selter Jen what's in it look
it up and you could do your joke and
research on that and give me some card
but I just trusted my doctor on this one
but it's expensive it's like ten dollars
a pill really pull that a seller Jen and
I take me a skeptical hippo face and I
also take a website Prager pro-gard's
yeah so it's a one trillion probiotics
Wow
it's a little like I take that every day
really you know for the Bao Swiss cell
therapy seller Jen hmm hello there
thank you for visiting seller Jen's
online store popup window boink
so
hmm this is what is it two thousand
dollars for six months
damn it is expense it's very expensive
and what is it backed by lu lu marine
complex peptide II collagen bio DNA
hydro m and peptide sounds are you gonna
piss hot sir
other include lutein grape skin extract
selenium which is important coenzyme q10
I take that that's one thing that Ray
Kurzweil's really pushes is that that
q10 yeah it's great for cognitive
function yeah you fuck around with
mushrooms at all I mean like healthy
mushrooms like lion's mane or anything
like that
no really good stuff that's what I've
been drinking this is all Lions made
elixir now try that I drink the shit all
the time
it's supports brain function yeah that's
like anything that's about the brain I
want to know more about yeah that's one
of my sponsors this is for sig manic
I'll have them send you some of this to
please please and then we we actually
have lion's mane that we put in the
coffee too yeah and then Laird
Hamilton's superfood shit have you seen
that coffee machine that I have on yeah
oh I'm gonna get you something to drink
on yes yes I do okay we wrapped this up
I'll make you a nice cup of tumeric
coffee oh I love Tamara cough yeah well
he's sent Laird Hamilton has this
amazing machine out there that he gave
us we got one of the first machines and
it's he mixes coconut oil coconut milk
turmeric organic coffee and it's fucking
delicious and it's actually very good
for you well and then he also has like
this bag of mushrooms cordyceps
mushrooms and lion's mane you could
scoop that in there but lion's mane in
particular is what I'm really interested
in because it supports brain function
you know and if you've seen the work of
Paul Stamets do you know no I'll turn
you on to him and send you a link to the
podcast I did with him he'll blow your
fucking mind when he's talking about the
power of functional mushrooms not just
mushrooms like psychedelic mushrooms
which he's into that as well he thinks
that psychedelic mushrooms in low doses
are like one of the most powerful
nootropics that you could have like
micro dosing yeah yeah but instead of
getting blitzed out of your mind and
going into another dimension you take it
just a little bit every day just a
little tiny bit and it gives you this
like overwhelming
feeling of operating at a very high
functions weird feeling but it's that
micro dosing psilocybin thing is swept
through the fighter community there's a
lot of Fighters that are training while
they're micro dosing mushrooms Wow yeah
it's very interesting why they're doing
that why why is it trainers why well
Donald Cerrone he's really into it and a
few other fighters have followed suit
and Donald I think started doing it
because of Joe Schilling who's a world
champion kickboxer and he's fighting for
Bellator now and they just find that
there's something about the way it
interacts the way the psilocybin and
particularly in low doses interacts with
your brain that it just seems to
supercharge your ability to understand
what a person is doing likes especially
specifically according to Joe when he's
sparring with people well says he like
almost can like read their minds Wow
yeah
that's really interesting yeah very very
interesting I know a lot of people's a
lot of skiers skiers like to microdose
it's becoming this a thing where people
try to take like a functional amount so
like you're not getting blitzed you just
take what is it functional not it's a
good question good question at East like
a like a stem like a little drop no
that's even I mean the best way to find
out what it would be would be to grind
it up so you know the exact ounces and
then right in a capsule yeah and then
figure it out and I think that's what a
lot of these guys are doing it's just
very unfortunate that that is a Schedule
one drug yeah right a natural life form
that grows on earth it's a fungus yeah
it's on a drug yeah and it's got some
pretty potent positive qualities to it
right but outside of you know anything
that's psychoactive or psychedelic that
lion's mane stuff is the shit well let's
put it as water right now that Sun
it's gonna be a it's gonna be my Elan
musk smoking weed moment right now thank
you
so other than that other than this sell
stuff what is it again
what's our job I wish I had like my
someone from my team kind of give me my
whole list cuz I take something for I
think a lot of brain cognitive stuff
that I know that objects not some might
can be considered that way but it's for
my doctor that you know in you know from
what I I do enough research to on the
doctors and they they tell me kind of
what I should take and and I go ok let's
try this out and see if and like you
know my my performance increases and
then I stop so I'll do it for like a
month and I'll stop and I'll take a
different like you know I have like two
different routes of vitamins and I'd
take a different route and see if that
changes my patterns or how I'm you know
what my performance is like and I kind
of like just experiment over again over
and again have you ever done the
isolation tank floating in a yeah yeah I
love that do you do that I did it twice
it's very new to me but it's like it's
incredible yeah you need one of those in
your life yes she can't when I was in
your crazy fun house I know I was
thinking about that there's one place in
Henderson where I live that does that
saw was gonna first do that first there
yeah do it man
we have one here yeah I mean like the
last two years like the ice plunges I'm
I just learned that the wim HOF method I
love that love that's amazing I've been
I've all I've never met him in person
but that's great yeah I you know I know
he's in your in your lane friends he's a
character man yeah I've seen the
documentary he's like that's what the
what the vice documentary that guy just
died at all that drinks beer needs
spaghetti like he's fuckin for dick but
he doesn't give a shit he goes to
Everest fucking barefoot yeah clients
ever AZ yeah climbs ever in his shorts
it's like it's too easy yeah but he gets
other people do with him show that like
anyone could do that yeah it's
incredible here's a unique human being
like a really true truly unique human
being
in in the sense that he's just talking
about breathing he's not talking about
doing some sort of incredible athletics
that you know a rare few people can
achieve no he's talking about
concentrating on your breathing and
understanding how you can inhale like
deeper breaths and concentrate on the
breath and that in doing so you're
changing your physiological state and
there's got a whole program that shows
you how to do it correctly and it
enhances your immune system and enhances
your awareness and it's wild shit it's
incredible yeah yeah I mean I try to do
that breath work whenever I possibly can
i there's two people that I've worked
with that that trained underneath wim
one of one of them's in New York of
Spain so whenever I'm in my Orca Spain I
meet up with him we do the breath work
holding breath exercises and then we do
the ice bath and then I've one that's
based in San Diego this woman and she
comes out to Vegas and then I'd like to
do the group dynamic ice bath so I have
this like pool that's not an ice bath
bus 50 degrees so it's cold enough to
like feel it that's fucking cold yeah
exactly so I get like whoever wants to
join me but you like this group kind of
you know huddle we get get in there
we come out we do the breath work hold
our breath you know and it's it's a
great way to get people together and
experience them like that - no that's
awesome man the UFC training center of
the performance Institute in Vegas has
this hot bath right next to a cold
plunge and they have people going back
and forth between and - have you ever
been to that place yeah I shot my music
video they're excited Bruce Buffer
featuring on a song of mine called it's
time I didn't bring that up earlier
because you're so tied in with UFC but
we shot the video there I was training
to fight the other DJ that we I made
this song with and and Bruce you were
trying to fight a DJ well I mean the
video is like video you're trained to
fight right okay at the UFC facility and
this legendary UFC fighter facing his
name he was training me so it was kind
of cool to have him there with me what
do you look like
well you'd put up pick up the video okay
can I can I run him use the bathroom
yeah sure sure go ahead
here we go so we're watching it on the
video
Aoki vs. Luke is Bruce Buffer so who's
training him though there's all these
people running around Bruce Buffer who
is uh who's training him I don't see any
UFC guy training him but you keep
jumping ahead we're not gonna see you
not focusing on there yeah it's too
quick yeah but who's that oh it's Ken
Shamrock Jeremy goes to say oh I'm
eventually here oh there you go ken
shamrock screaming in his face with
sunglasses on he's a trip wasn't he he's
a very interesting guy
cake me oh my god that's hilarious okay
he's um it's it's so interesting when
you see all these different people of
these different paths in life and you go
oh okay you could go down that path too
you know like the Steve Aoki path is so
different than most paths and I think
that one of the cooler things about
talking to people is you you get this
sense that the the the way you can live
your life is not as rigid as people
would have you believe did have you
believe that there's only a few
different ways to go about this this is
not that much variability we're saying
nice things about you you just returned
we watched it was Ken Shamrock he was
though yeah yeah yeah he was like you
know when you do yeah we're watching it
sunglasses screaming at you exactly do
you do any martial arts training um you
know strangely enough like my my biggest
hero growing up is Bruce Lee so you know
in the beginning I started wanting to
learn jeet kune do-- and you know once
upon a time in hollywood
not yet there's a scene in there that's
very negative about Bruce Lee I love the
movie I really enjoyed it
I'm a huge Tarantino fan I think is
awesome but there's this controversy
around that I didn't see that very very
controversial because he made Bruce Lee
look like a buffoon
that's really arrogant buffoon Wow and I
don't think there's any evidence that he
was ever really like that yeah but you
know Tarantino sort of dug his heels in
and sort of defended it but I don't
think he knows the culture because he's
not a martial artist I thought he looked
at I think he looked at Bruce Lee as
sort of like this historical figure
that's you know kicking people's asses
and movies and I think to understand
Bruce Lee the way you do or the way I do
where he was my childhood hero as well
it's like he's the guy that's really
responsible for mixing martial arts when
you talk about mixed martial arts like
all credit has to go to the Gracie's
because they're the ones who you know
Nelson Gracie and whore Ian and hoist
and Hickson and that family was
responsible for really showing people
jiu-jitsu and also Horry and invented
the UFC
so without Horan and his contributions
mean we might not have ever known what
we know today right but Bruce Lee was on
that path a long time ago yeah he had
figured out a long time ago that you got
to find what's useful in all different
styles of martial arts exactly he's also
deeply entrenched in philosophy yeah he
was a brilliant guy
so they made him look like this buffoon
and then that sucks I didn't like it
that's like one of the main things about
Bruce Lee that I loved about him was
that his philosophy I had a lot of
things to say about life
yeah like the martial arts was one thing
that's like what made him cool made him
just about us but it's his philosophy
the words behind all that and how it can
reflect on everyone be like water and
the best part for me is that he's an
Asian face because I mean at the end of
the day you think about what's out there
and then in the media and popular
culture you don't see an Asian face this
lets loved and by all different
ethnicities yeah he's the number one
he's the the like every doesn't matter
if you're black white brown purple
yellow whatever you are you like yeah
you have to honor like one of the greats
everybody likes Bruce Lee and he's Asian
so he represents something very powerful
for Asian
people how many Chinese dudes got laid
because of Bruce Lee how many Chinese
he's bold that they got laid with non
Chinese women oh yeah yeah that's like
because that's the other day like the
women love Bruce Lee everybody yeah
everyone everybody yeah and there hasn't
been someone like that you know that has
that striking feeling that's Asian in
popular culture like that you know so
also like the first guy that was really
shredded in movies you know he take his
shirt off now you definitely got that
stance that he's just like yeah he was
fucking shredded yeah and you would look
at him he go God that guy's body's
ridiculous everybody wanted that body
yeah everybody wanted to be lean and
muscular and that's where I got my room
for my house that Bruce game death right
yeah that's end of the Dragons at least
for me I got the mirror room friend of
the Dragon but that the mirror room
scene is way more mirrors like kind of
mmm in different degrees and yeah it was
it was into the dragon right yeah yeah
fuck that was a good movie and for the
time those movies you know people don't
like them or do like them what's
interesting about Bruce is the style of
fighting in those movies like jumping
flying kicks and all that stuff that's
not what he advocated at all he did that
purely for the cinematic value right he
wanted to make it exciting and flashy
yeah he was all about kicking people the
knees you know he was about like really
effective techniques yeah that you could
use to end a fight in seconds that was
what he was all about yeah but what he
did do was there was like two big bursts
in martial arts and Bruce Lee was
responsible in my opinion for the first
he was responsible for getting people
excited about training martial arts and
seeing this guy that could kick
everybody's ass and like this guy was
like he was quiet and and humble but you
know when it came time to throw down and
take his shirt off and fuck everybody up
yeah and then the next stage was the UFC
those were like in my lifetime just too
big and really culturally the two big
leaps
in martial arts was people getting into
Bruce Lee because of getting into
martial arts because of Bruce Lee movies
yeah of course Chuck Norris movies yeah
and then the next one was getting into
martial arts because the UFC right so
was bummer it was a bummer that they
made him look like a dope that sucks
I'm was excited to watch that movie
because I thought that Bruce Lee was
gonna look like about us because in the
in the trailer yeah you're like oh no
all Bruce Lee's in there he's gonna be
cool with with Brad Pitt Leonardo
DiCaprio Quentin Tarantino this is gonna
be epic it's a fucking great move yo
don't let it hold you back cuz the
movies funny shit I really enjoyed it
it's a fun look I liked all his movies I
loved hateful eight a lot of people
don't like hateful a no I loved it I
think his movie sir if you're into like
a Tarantino movie like I like his style
of Mako fiction yeah Django yeah they're
wild yeah they're good rate films yeah
absolutely great films such a fan I'm
just glad he's out there because it's
like there's there's moments in that
movie where I don't want to I'm not
gonna give anything away but there's
moments in in Hollywood where are you
going I can't believe you could still do
this in a movie like on this day and age
like you're allowed to do that in a
movie
he goes hard while in the paint yeah but
the Bruce Lee things you know wasn't
real
the real Bruce leaves with yeah
interesting and exciting to me right you
know I mean that's worth like my record
label Dimock it's you know you know what
Dimock is yeah I mean it's not
necessarily tied to Bruce Lee but it's
my way of like you know instead of
calling it Bruce Lee records or I love
Bruce Lee records I was like well this
is this mysterious death touch and you
know there's like said that this mystery
around that that's connected sort of to
Bruce Lee there's yeah it would be
really interesting if there really was a
dim Macha mysterious yeah death touch if
it was it was real but a lot of fucking
people believed in it if you ever see
those videos on when they and then that
old man of to have to fall down yeah
yeah there's a McDo Joe life on
instagrams got a shitload on this guy
collects them all and there's so many of
them are so ridiculous I posted one a
couple of days ago of this it looks like
an Aikido guy and he's just like doing
this like watch watch this video guy
comes out and he's like pushes them away
oh look at them you Wow Wow no power
here it's so it is it's playing use it
yeah it's so so fucking it's like those
evangelical preachers that like they
touching someone's head in the guy's
like falling over yeah it's you know and
they're all practicing it look like
they're all practicing all this nonsense
so we'll get you killed in a real fight
yeah and these guys are leaving their
house they're putting on their fucking
outfit right it really think that this
is real this is actually happening yeah
it's so corny it really is what you're
gonna do
Melissa man I really enjoy talking to ya
thanks for having me
you're booked blue the color of noise is
available right now right it is
everywhere did you do the audio book did
you read it I read the there's drops in
there it's called what I called drops or
like the these small little chapters
between the chapters so I read those I
try to read the whole book but I was
touring all summer so I could only read
the drops that's too bad yeah I'd like
to hear you read it yeah since it's your
life yeah there there is like ten drops
so you can hear me talk about it in my
tone and my voice and if people want to
catch a live show where can they get
information on where to go Steve Aoki
calm everything Steve Aoki online it's
pretty simple all right well thank my
brother appreciate you have thank you
for everybody
[Music]